He ran away with the dish and the spoon!
November was being a b**so it decided to disappear.
Gone to the same place as the thirty-second of October.
November 31st did bad. The day went to July instead.
There are thirty days in November, the day didn't exist.
The 31st of November died because of badly calculated sunrises.
People hated leap years so they decided to kill it.
Someone realized that it's actually December 1st; has defective calendar.
It was removed to make sure there are 365 days.
I want to join TWOW.
Novenber 31, 2015 tragically passed away on November 31, 2015.
The same thing as November 30th you gosh darn goof
I wanna be in TWOW!
30th November was too hungry and decided to eat it.
November 31st is as fake as my cold, withered, heart.
The thirty-first of November can no longer be with us.
i want to be a contestent on TWOW
The gods of the universe came and ate it up.
It's gone now because everyone wanted Christmas a bit earlier
November died, so he lost one of his thirty-one lives.
It disappeared, along with the other November days, by December.
A evil math teacher used a weapon of math instruction!
That the 30 days rejected the 31st good luck skills.
the 31st of November combusted, so everyone forgot about it.
November had a day stolen from Febuary and was sad.
Decembers time to shine cause 31st November doesnt exist, you know what i mean?
November 31st was the day BFDI 6a came back out.
On November 31st, all space and time continuum collapses.
November thirty first died because November day thirty came first.
Gandalf took the essence from all clocks and November31st disappeared.
It never existed, and never will exist in this universe.
Remember remember the 31st of november? Only Nintendo still does.
December 1st murdered November 31st. Rest in pieces, November 31st.
A beautiful but ugly dog ate november with a big spoon
It left to binge Battle For Dream Island, how sad.
The most important question is, what happened to February 30th?
Congress released a calendar with an extra day in November.
The 31st of November is on hiatus, it isn't cancelled!
A baby wearing a jetpack evaporated November 31st into snow.
Pilgrims thought that 31 was bad luck for weird reasons.
There isn't that day because 366 days didn't sound cool.
Nothing interesting happened on the 31st of December for me.
Error message: Information on the 31st of december is [REDACTED].
Hi I'm Bannapal dog can I be in town plz that will be great
it disappeared along with my happiness and security in life.
November thirty-first went looking for BFDIA 6 and got lost.
God was drinking and accidentally smited it from the calendar.
They needed a reason to make no shave November shorter.
The movie about it was too weird so it left.
November 31st was, in fact, eaten by Jack Sparrow himself!
It was cancelled. Reason: Santa being extremely lazy until December.
They eliminated it because they wanted new years day already!
31, son, lost fun, never won, befriended none, machine gun
Dec replaced nov and kicked out 3
31st November didn't exist.Thus,It's Impossible knowing what happened.
i cloud call this a nice day. yay for me!
In 1267, President Cary Huang declared November 31st doesn't exist.
November 31st got bored waiting for December
Nothing happened to November 31st, because we never created it.
It was scared away by November 30th's horribly scary face.
November 31st was removed due to being too stupid, right?
Before, the leap day was November 31st. Grinch stole it.
The 31st of November was an odd day, for everyone.
The 31st of November is in the Tiny Loser Chamber.
Aliens invade the calendar to add an extra November day.
They shaved off the last day of 'No Shave November'.
November 31st was filler, he was flung to nonexistent land.
November 31st got cut from the list, like February 30th.
Well, I ate the last day of November. You mad?
It got poked, then was moved to the October Month.
It was abducted by aliens and then tortured and abandoned.
Nothing much to say goodbye,So much glory after all.
Guy Fawkes successfully blew the day out of the calendar.
366 days in a year? 366 looks almost like... yeah.
November was nearly last in line when they picked dates.
The 30th punched him to the pit of infinite death.
I SENT IT! :)
I should join TWOW it seems quite fun and challenging.
It was an abnormal mutation that got removed at birth.
Who cares? Its one day closer to December and Santa!
It was insulting the others, so it was taken out.
Fell out of some clouds and landed in some pudding.
It was given to February for its low day count.
November, when first trimester ends. Nobody wants one more day
November 31st died in a fiery blaze of magnificent glory
The calendar got blown up by aliens. Sucks for us.
Mexicans made a holiday on this day, Trump removes day.
November liked being even, so he kicked the 31st day.
It interrupted the holiday felling, and no one liked it.
It died in a fiery car crash of death and destruction
The 31st of november never existed, your question is invalidated.
November was bad, so it got a day taken away.
The 31st of November got chosen as tribute and died.
I killed November 31st because I really hate that day.
November 31st was too busy doing some Cyber Monday shopping.
November 31st was originally going to happen but, it didn't.
31st of November doesn't exist, because November has 30 days.
The 31st November never existed. What are you talking about?
Day before a penny lost it's chance for Dream Island.
It never even existed, that's just how the calendar works.
The 31st of November was a day when people thrived.
God swallowed it after Glenn died in The Walking Dead
It had a coma from eating too much thanksgiving turkey.
I have no idea how to submit this for TWOW
It was eaten by the 30th November. It was jealous.
Donald Trump thought that November 31st threatened the 'MURICAN WAY!
Those who obsess over Christmas took over and annihilated it.
November 31st sucked. Why wait for christmas a day longer?
He was killed by the first of December using snow.
Because there would not be room for Halloween or N.Y.Eve.
Michael Bay did something and November 31st exploded, the end.
nothing can burn brighter than my beautiful embers of love
Krampus devoured it as Krampus is jealous of November 31st.
The government took November 31st because of area 51's aliens .
There is no 11/31, because when Nintendo tried, they failed.
They decided to not mention it, since it bullied calendars.
November Was Naughty, So December Took Away One Important Days.
November couldn't stand the 31st, they were asking for it!
The President was dumb, and he accidentally removed it, duh.
We took November 31st, and PUSHED it somewhere else, buffalo!
There is no 31st in November you almost tricked me
We don't talk about November 31st, not after the incident.
It was killed, not by December, but a jealous October!
Original Halloween, Leafy's slain, Halloween moved to October in memoriam.
June ate November thirty-first because she was very very hungry.
February stole November 31st, but sadly, only every four years.
November 31st was the day when the dinosaurs had died.
I really do not know what happened on the 31st of November. I really do want to be a part of your show though.
It became a 2015 and 2009 movie, they were amazing.
John Cena lives there (can't see it)
November 30th overthrew November 31th in a coup d'état.
I know what happened to the 31st of November...
I lost my soul to the charming wits of Satan.
Queen Elizabeth decided to abolish it due turkey sales plummeting.
Two years but you left on the 1st of May
I will get into Ten Words of Wisdom with this.
The time rift ate November 31st during its Thanksgiving Dinner.
The other months stole days to make themselves 31 days.
It disappeared to shorten the gap between Thanksgiving and Christmas.
November 31st was a horrible candidate for leap year XD.
31st of November:eliminated by its following and preceding dates.
Same shit as at 31st of June.
It's Teardrop's fault. Everyone knows she's not a real contestant.
The 31st of November lost in the 1st season "Baguette"!
He is hiding in Russia, and is plotting his revenge...
Umm... will you respond?
Hey guess what? These are my ten words of wisdom
November 31st was destroyed in a duel with December 1st.
The last day of November had fallen down a hole.
When November 31 came out, we actually entered December 1.
November Thirty First showed how Christmas can connect to Fall.
It was destroyed by December 1st because Christmas is amazing
It got last place in Aglohentriacontathon, and died too bad.
Today, i join TWOW / because i have no reason. YAY!!
31 is 13 and 13 is demonic and thats why.
Unlike Julius or Augustus, Novembrius Caesar showed mercy to Februarius.
it was farted off then eaten by a black hole
I guess a large fat alien zapped the 31st away?!
soup is good gouda cheese is good eight nine POTATOES
The 31st of November walked over to December and died.
The thirty first of November got eaten by evil December
Please let me join. I am a great contestant. Thanks.
November thirty-first is dumb and such a waste of time.
It wanted to be holiday, led revolution, killed by Halloween.
The 31st of November never wanted to exist, Cary!
The void swallowed up time, later it spat it out.
An evil man destroyed all clocks that day. That's why.
The Gods destroyed the 31st because it wasted time.
We were bored, so we nuked the 31st of November.
I don't know, why would I know? Well, who knows?
31st of November got wrestled to death by JOHNNN CENAAAAA!!!!!
November 31 is a jerk, now he has become Nonexisty.
History was made. New dates were added to every calendar.
It met a unicorn who then flew it to space!
November 31st disappeared when Bfdia 6 came out that day
November 31st traded over to October and created Halloween. YAY!
NOVEMBER 31 DIED IN A CAR CRASH
November 31st was rejected by the rest of the month.
Chuck Norris hated how November 31st was Mr.T day.
The 31st ran away because it didn't want to stay.
The wisdom is for noobs, and Zuma is my best character..
It realised tomorrow it wont be itself anymore. How sad.
It was leap year day but February was really sad
This is totally ten words because I am a expert!
After thirty days ruling, Lord November was murdered by reindeer.
The date shrivels, withers, and dies, becoming yet another ash.
31st was happy until December said "NO!" And ate him.
Voldemort made it disappear, just like the end of this-
Unlike February by Caesar, November was robbed by HOI POLLOI.
"Thirty Won" a trophy, but then soon it got lost.
August wanted another day, so it taxed November for one.
Starbucks skipped it; they wanted their peppermint mocha out sooner.
It was slaughtered by a violent regime called December First.
Sick of being last, it moved to take December's front.
The day after Cyber Monday, November 31st, was Broke Tuesday.
On the 31st november, a burning plane crashed into Oak island.
its self-confidence was low, so it said no. forever.
It became forever lost, eternally falling through a cataclysmic hell.
It hung out with the square root of negative one
It went to go celebrate Christmas,but never came back.
November 31st didn't get their permission slip signed on time.
The Grinch wanted to steal Christmas, but he planned horribly.
your the best channle
There was simply no ember left for the 31. fire.
December and October ate it at a big, fancy feast
The 31st of November never really existed.
31 November, taken off because of glitches changing the schedule.
It failed at day picking school, and became a janitor.
November thirtieth kicked the thirty-first out of his house... sicko.
BFDIA 6 never aired ;-;.
On average, there's 30.436875 days in a month. Round down.
The thirty first of November disappeared due to unknown circumstances.
The memorable independent Andres Bonifacio day happens on this day
I do not know what happened on thirty first november
Super Mario Maker needs more dlc and bug fixing! Nintendo!
Christopher Columbus stole it. Just like he stole America's discovery.
The American Government removed it due to lack of interest.
I watched a beautiful cat give birth to four kittens.
On November 31st, Miley Cyrus fell into a firey dungeon.
December hates the odd number thirty-one all the time.
That day was killed by Flower because she wanted to.
It was horribly beaten by all the days in December.
It is waiting another year to be fully remembered again.
November lost the 31st against a poker bet against March.
The chicken ate it before he crossed the busy road
book forgot to add that day into her calendar
Obviously, everyone knows that November 31st turned into December 1st.
November thirty-first couldn't handle the mess left by Black Friday.
November got in trouble. Penalty: He had one day removed.
It has been replaced by February 29th 4 years once.
Oh, what a horrible fate it had- never even existing.
Drifted into the abyss of time. The other thirty mourn.
It was defeated by Frisk, which fills you with determination.
It was stolen from the November people by December people.
November was contented with 30 days, but 31!? Automatic ban!
Leafy accidentally bought the 31st of November with Dream Island.
November was a "small" month, so it didn't have 31st.
The 31st of November disappeared after a party last week.
It most likely went on vacation or something like that.
The Day November 31st was removed due to budget cuts
Because February could not afford to lose any more days.
I Can Win This With My Skills Of Camps Yay!
Because there was not enough room left on the calendar.
Someone decided to consume it. That man's name? / Albert Einstein.
That the day of the 30th of November ended succesfully
It fell to the might of the first of December.
November decided to quit its job as the current month.
It got into the Christmas spirit and became December 1st.
It was killed because people wanted the December holidays faster.
The 31st of November is a member of Fight Club.
The ruler of the world hates November 31st so yeah.
A shame. Forgotten because it was too long to say.
I think he just got extremely shy and ran away...
Interestingly, November went on a diet and lost a day.
A day which never happened just because it was lazy.
It left but it goes to February every four years.
Angry mobs protested against the inequality between November and February.
Alone, because it didn't want to go on a DATE!
I would like to compete in TWOW as well. :)
Calendar makers omitted it to reduce production costs. Nobody noticed.
It was last seen breaking and entering for Thanksgiving leftovers.
No one talks about November 31st... not since the accident. ?_?
Aliens invaded on 31 November. We wanted to forget. Bam.
I don't think I know what happened on that day.
What happened to December 31th? It died somehow. THE END
1)Sacrifice 2)Tribe 3)God 4)November 30th(counts as one word I hope) 5)Reaping 6)Tribute 7)November 31st 8) Games 9) Lost 10) Remembered
On November 31st, people realized that December 31 is tomorrow.
God figured that 366 days was a bit too much.
Ten words are never / enough to ably describe / this phenomenon
Nothing, the 31st of November never existed to begin with!
Disappeared as BFDIA 6 planned to release on that day
It was obviously crushed by Flower's Recently Refurbished Announcer Crusher!
The 31st of November left because we made it sad
It turned into February 29th, but only on leap years.
people complained little kids mistaken it for halloween, wanting candy.
Cake, Cake, CLaDOS, Cubes, Celery, Cores, Cale, Coding, Creativity, Cake
I wanna join! Please Please Please Please Please Please Please!
All of the people scribbled on their brand new calendars
The earth is too lazy and rested on that day.
Parking is stupid,Harold feel good,Book is pipelet,Pen is awesome,Trophy is dumb,Leafy is metal,Blocky is good,Brian is on Goanimate,Scratchy like Garfield,Sonicboom363 is Nice.
Who cares what happened to November 31st; it was stupid.
The 31st of November was afraid of the number 31.
Pope Gregory took November 31st and made it February 29th.
November 31st was the first day ever to get DECimated. (bad pun !!)
November the 13th was ate by none other than carykh.
The capitalist age incurred termination on the 31st of November
The calendar inventor had decided to erase a random date.
That day was brutally murdered by the 29th of february.
Like BFDIA, the November of 31st also got brutally murdered.
The 31st of November farted rainbows and died, so sad
Well, I think that the first ate the thirty first.
Isaac ate a cantaloupe for hunger reasons on November 31st.
31st November was simply taken up by 29th February quadrennially.
The Myans got lazy in November so they gave up.
Evil aliens came to Earth and stole that precious day.
November 31st didn't become a day and doesn't exist anyways!
They do not have it because they have thirty days.
I love the idea, I want to share my wisdom!
It broke the pattern, so the others decided to move it.
December didn't have no friends / so she stole November's end
I wished upon a shooting star to remove that day.
November 31st was cancelled, along with BFDIA 6 and BAGUETTE.
The 31of November existed, but I just ate it.
On November 31st the month was coming to a close
You and Michael are the best Object Show Makers Ever!
The thirty-first of November flew into the pizza Dimention.
The people felt that the 0th of December was cooler
It got burnt to a crisp by all the Nov-embers.
A giant Announcer marked it off on their universal calendar.
Nothing. November Thirty First doesn't exist. It was never there.
November 31st threw off the balance of the universal timeline
The 31st of November, what happened? I can't even remember.
Gone, so time would go faster waiting for your videos.
It took a day off.
December was jealous of November's thirty-one, so it was stolen.
I shot November 31st and dumped it in the river.
It was eliminated for not sending a response in time
it glowed, transformed, and became december 1st
The leftover turkeys stole it in revenge for Thanksgiving dinner.
leftovers from thanksgiving went bad no potatoes, buns, or turkey!
That Date was cancelled but don't worry its getting rebooted!!!
God thought the year would be too long.
Santa came early, and took all the halloween candy away.
The secret November 31st was hidden by our lizard government.
Someone took it away just to make the calendar accurate.
Julius Caesar probably messed something up like he usually does.
Nothing happened, because the 31st of November does not exist
The tides of winter change, and so do the months.
It cant happen, otherwise John Cena would explode the universe!
The 31st of November morphed into the 1st of December.
Egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg egg
Something Happened, now go away. I'm waiting for the Algotrianocathlon.
The 31st of November was just gonna go get cigarettes.
Now that you're here, please just follow the science rules!
I have such beautiful colour. So let me join TWOW!
It ran off to christmas early, it left us. Twow
The thirty-first of November just doesn't feel like existing.
it ran away with the 29th of February. oh yeah.
Black friday shoppers trampled him to death. Rest in peace.
December broke into November's home and killed his family. Cool.
Dogs still have the 31st in their calendar. Stupid dogs.
After the last November day, the day was December first.
People hate leap years, so they decided to kill it.
It stayed home crying due to lack of BFDI
It flew by so fast before I could say "turkey."
Objects fell from the sky, objects melted till they died.
Technically, November 31st never existed, therefore nothing ever existed then.
November 31st committed very serious sex crimes, and was executed.
February stole it but only shows it every four years.
The thirty first of November will not ever be remembered
On the 31st of November candy was made in Japan.
Ducks decided to eat cake until November 31st didn't exist.
"Whoops." he said. "There's 367 days now."
It was destroyed in World War II by the Nazis
If we had another day, it would be too long
A conspiracy to shorten the length of the year.
It became the date November 31st on November 31st
The day where you can divide by zero.
so what do you have to write in ten words.
I want to join TWOW!
I've beaten him in a Pokemon battle, then he disappeared.
No one liked November 31st because it delayed Christmas time.
November thirty first was removed so Christmas would come earlier.
It decided to run away from December, and it cried.
November the thirty-first got stuck trying to find BFDIA six.
Haiku formation, / It was really terrible, / So it was removed
It was replaced by December 1st, for the Christmas season.
The other 31sts despised him and killed him in secret.
I was the world champion, then I broke my knee.
November thirty first walked off the Gregorian calendar very slowly.
it died, just like BAGUETTE and our hopes and dreams.
I WANNA JOIN TWOW :D
It was removed because the Gregorian Calendar said it would
It was destroyed by the meteor that killed the dinosaurs.
Cause its name is JOOHHHNNN CEEEEEENNNNAAA!!!!
A Thanksgiving Turkey didn't like getting devoured and ingested it!
November 31st went into The Witness Protection Program.
That day was such a clunky creature it could never evolve.
February got selfish, but had eyes bigger than his stomach.
November 31st was banned due to racism against December.'
I am sorry to say, but that date PAST away.
31 november got eliminated by Snowball Because he hates it.
Details of November 31st is Classified due to Budget Cuts!
November 31 was eaten by evil Leafy!
Autumn was too long so November 31st was kicked out.
The african american's ate the 31st day for no reason.
November 31st got eaten by Cyber Monday so sad cry
If the internet had a say, it was Donald Trump
It's because people wanted Christmas faster, so they abolished it.
01001001 01010100 00100000 01000100 01001001 01000101 01000100 00100000 01101010 01101011
A normal sunny day with people screaming everywhere at once.
i don't know what happened to the 31st of november
i don't know what happened to the thirty-first of november
November Thirty First Went Into A Black Hole To Nowhere
They moved the 31th of november to december. it sucks.
November 31st was vetoed by the president; RIP... Thanks Obama
November 31st died with other 31st's due to number racism
The 31st of November unfortunately died in a car crash.
Thirty days have September, April, June and of course November.
The 31st of November was eaten by a scary monster.
November was asleep on Thanksgiving turkey; greedy December took it.
An obscene amount of large whales flew into the sky.
There was no 1st of the November.
It ran away and now lives under your bed. Seriously.
November asked February if they were mad about their length.
There is a very real possibility this date never existed.
The 31st of November overslept and missed his "registration day".
I don't know what happened to the 31st of november
People said screw thanksgiving. Make Thanksgiving get here faster
December came and swept it under the carpet. Typical December...
It somehow blew up and spread across time and space.
The gushing waters of December washed November away too early
NOTHING HAPPENED TO NOVEMBER 31st (oops caps)
November only has 30 days, nothing happened on November 31.
The 31st of November was sold because of budget cuts.
November and October had a competition to get the 31st
November gave December an extra day, because it was sad.
I bet carykh's new idea of self torture happened...
What happened was that seven eight the thirty-first of November.
November 31st ran away because October 31st stole it's thunder.
There wasn't November 31, it was December 0 ALL ALONG!
What happened in the past will not be spoken of
November 31st turned into February 29th, used for leap years
It died of first and became the 30th of November
Its house was damaged and it drowned to its death.
not sure, i was drunk. maybe i dropped it somewhere
August battled November for the 31st day, August Beat November.
November 31st was removed due to budget cuts in Heaven.
November 31st rode into the sunset and never came back
It didn't like 31, so it transformed to December 1st!
To join other dates to create the month of February.
The 31st of November found itself... it was December 1st.
Mother Russia took the 31st and gave it to February.
Every date had a date, but the 31st was single.
It was abducted by aliens. E.T. ate it for lunch.
November 31st was removed when Caesar created leap year.
Everyone wanted Christmas sooner so they cremoved some of November.
The 31st November has been replaced by the extra hour.
A turkey ate it out of rage and then left.
This date was one month after Halloween, it's bad luck.
11/30 fell in a pit. Then he died. The End.
The same thing that happened to Baguette and BFDIA 6
I'm active at least once every day so no problem there.
November 31st died due to going backwards in Evolution Simulator.
November 31st is where it belongs. In a garbage can.
November 32nd killed November 31st in a rage. So sad!
MY PIE ARMY WILL ONE DAY TAKE OVER THE WORLD
Put to Cake At Stake, didn't receive a cake, kicked.
So Battle for Dream Island episode twelve would come quicker
Chuck Norris punched it far, far away out of existence.
Forever remember, / 31st of November, / noble, defender, / so sadly dismembered
November couldn't copy December's day, that would just be rude.
During November 31st, the end of the world had begun.
It was replaced by the spectacular invention of sliced bread.
There never was a 31st and there never will be.
Bob the builder was very bored so he ate it.
30th of November is Thanksgiving i think? I dunno. LOL
The day disappeared due to lack of interest.
Hello I'd like to join 10WOW please. :)
November had to give it for the 29th of February
I don't really know, i think it was John Cena.
It was taken over by the illuminati,and hidden away.
It went on vacation, but it returns every 4 years.
I would like to join TWOW! Yay thanks
It went on a forever lasting holiday to the beach.
December kidnapped it, in order for Christmas to come sooner.
31 is 13 and 13 is a demonic, weird number.
December got jealous stole the day and didn't tell anyone
i sent a TWOW. / Hope I'm not too late!
Your mother sat on it. Yeah, he isn't coming back.
November 31st was removed because it was being too awesome!
November 30th Got A Job. A Title For Eminem's Song.
He wanted it to be 1 day closer to Christmas.
Many carbohydrates from Thanksgiving caused mass hysteria and untimely explosion.
The thirty-first of November took a small vacation to Louisiana
November 31st felt bad, and gave a day to february.
It was "30 Days Hath November"... until it came true.
He was deathly allergic to the date November the 30th.
Bored of his calendar life, he moved to Las Vegas.
December stole the 31st of November away, hence December 31st
November was bad at monopoly, and had to trade it.
It got upsetti, cause it didn't have no more spaghetti.
Books have pages with bunches of words, imagination, and humor.
Nothing. Nothing happened to this day that never has happened.
November 31st got lost in a maze April 1st built.
I want to be free, in ten words of wisdom
They got rid of it so Christmas would come quicker.
I wake up, undecided on what to do. Wait... NOVEMBERWEEN!
November 31st was eaten by Yellow Face, who is dead.
I guess so november 31st will be kinda weird day
He married an old year and is living with her.You'll need a HOT bod, or else... you will freeeeeeezzeeee!!!!!!!!
Cold stands for, 'Cook On Lit Dish.' That sounds warm.
Don't go in the snow. Stay in a warm house.
Wear stuff that is warm and make it cool daze!
To beat the cold you need to slay the sun.
Eat hot food, stay warm, and don't freeze like... that!
I'll warm you with friends so you can to me.Stay in or you will feel the cold's strong wrath. Store food in the fridge, and isolate till' spring comes.
Ask the cold to dance, he will get BEATup!
It would be best to not freeze your nose off.Find where the cold lives and blow up it's house.
I guess you could just not go out at all.
I do zilch as it's not cold where I live.
I sold all my clothes. I blame budge it cuts.
You can beat the cold with a really big stick
Throw the sun down to the earth so we die!
punch the cold's face! how else can you beat it?
Stay at home, it's warm, but don't touch that fire!To beat the cold you must start to work out.
Don't lick poles like they do in all those films.
Quite cold air, pain I can't bare. Just don't care.
Slide on two scarfs to miss lakes and don't drown.
You can use a snow plow and run it over.
Get Match, light her, and set your house on fire.
Just hop on a car with HOT girls and that should beat the cold.The East Coast will freeze. The West Coast will melt.
Cut down all the trees and burn the house down.
In this cold time of year, I will grow fur.
Hi I'm barry scott! Bang and the cold is gone
Find Jack Frost and kick him in the snow balls.
Run as fast as you can, and then you'll win.Get the cold out of your home with some fire!Lay in bed and die, just like my Uncle Frank!
Give the cold a warm. That will do the job.
I will light ten flames in my yard. What fun!
Add green house gas to the sky. Take that, cold!
Start a fire, sit, and watch BFDIA 6. oh wait
To beat the cold, you must hear some life hacks!
Do not go out once it snows. That is it.
Fight it, in the good ol' boxing ring of fire!
if the cold's what you want to beat, use heatNo need to beat the cold,spring will be there.gain a lot of weight, sleep and wait for spring
Climb in a Taun Taun and drinks some hot tea.
Not my hitch. Sad folks who live in the north.
Eat the warm food from the cool bake place now.
If you can't beat the cold, then you must suck.
Not hard to stay warm, just jump in some fire!
the best way to beat the winter is JOHN CENA
Wear the best and the most brave boots out there.
You can beat the chill with some 'flix and chill.
Make sure to take that coat out for the cold.
Keep warm, take pills and stay clear of Ice Cube!
BEAT THE COLD TO DEATH! Trust me, it will work!
I try to not go any place but my home.
Don't jump in the snow for you will freeze, duh.Make the cold so mad it heats up with rage!
Roll up your sleeves and punch the cold down hard!
Kill memes and use their cool box to stay warm! Move to Chad where it is hot all the time.
You mask Jack Frost in wood chips and burn him.
Keep far from any shots of Freeze Juice you see.
Grab the heat and play catch with a pine tree.
Heat up a page of Book, and watch it burn!
Go to Star Wars, get Luke's light sword. Light=Heat.
With books and hot apple juice in a warm home.
You shoot it with your brand new gun. Oh yeah.
Spend that cash of yours on a brand new scarf.
Wear a scarf to fight off the cold monster.
Drink a warm drink and sit by a hot fire.Go to Jack Frost's house, then burn him with flame.
Go get a whisk from the store and stir it.
Don't go out at all, and read a good book!
You won't need to dress for warmth. Why? Global Warming!
Abe, no lies, said it would be, so get heat.
Just ask them fast to change to the spring time!
To beat the cold, you must eat hot coal.
You pin it on a wall and punch it hard.
You just stay in your house. I'm smart, I know. You jump in a pot, and make a YOU soup
Heat Cold
Die by big cliff jump. If you're dead, you're safe!
With a steel rod, speed boost and a stone mace.
Lie in bed and try to sleep through it all.
One word: soup. ... no wait: drugs! ... hang on ... DRUG SOUP!
I don't have snow,so I don't have much cold.
You could put on a coat that is quite warm
Get a bad burn, you will stay warm all year!Krampus devoured it as Krampus is jealous of November 31st.
One way to beat the cold is to stay home.
Don't hang out with ice cube, and always avoid cuts.
With a fire ball, throw it at the cold gods.
You Punch The Cold 'Till It Bleeds Bright Pink Slush.
Burn some wood so you can have a heat source.
Wear a shrug to be warm, or turn on the stove!
It's 6º, so wear fur coats or die (a lot)!
What kind of math do Snowy Owls like? Owlgebra!
Get rid of the witch, she cast the cold spell!
Make a torch. You'll have fire when you need it!I will call John Cena to beat the cold up.
Let the cats cover you up in their soft fur.
You move to Guam in the cold times, of course! To beat the cold you must use a hot pot.
Go hide in the heat of July.
Use the heat to punch the cold out of space!
You can not beat the cold, it will slay you.
This year, my cute small cat will warm me up!
The cold, what cold? There is no cold this year...
Beat the cold with the might of "The Death Kicks".
You will have to beat it with a hot stick.
I use the warm voice of the brain of TWOW
To beat the cold, I think you should eat fire.
Dont lick a pole or your tongue will fall off.
You should go to Ice Cube Star, it's warm there.
Beat the cold with our brand new warm socks! Yay!
I'll make the cold more easy to beat with hacks.
Squish next to your friends like sheep to keep warm.
I can beat the cold with my brand new axe
Put your hands in warm milk, stay in, watch BFDI.
Stay in a house and give your friends some hugs.
Use the heat from your dead cat to warm up.
listen to my mixtape, it spits hot, flaming fire mate
you punch the cold in the face and kill it
I can't get cold, since my looks are too hot.
You will stay warm if you sit by the fire!
It is great to put on coats when it's cold
Dig right to Earth's core. You will freeze no more.
To beat the cold get a stick and beat it
Just stay in your house. Why would you leave it?
You don't beat the cold, the cold beats you up!
Catch your house on fire and stand in it.
Search the data! Failed. No way to fight the cold
It's not that hard. Just don't go in the snow!
You should slap ducks and stay in your small house.
Build home, cook food, stay home till spring. You win!
why, just do what I do: Stay in your house!
Chuck Norris hated how November 31st was Mr.T day.
first, I need ice cream! Wait, that makes me cold.
For the cold not to kill you, die from thirst!
To beat out the cold, just burn your old coal.
Cats must sleep on your face so you can live.
Beat the cold with gloves. Gloves to box with it.
There is no cold, these months need to CHILL out.
We tried a heat wave this month - it worked great!
Play some drums, to make some beats; then comes heat!
Heat does rise, so be wise, and fly up high.
Crowd 'round a flame, drink some tea, and play TWOW.
You can try to beat the cold with sticks. Try.
Slap the clouds and tell them to STAHP THE SNOW!
Use the heat from all the mad books who lost
Go get the month June, it will melt the snow.
You should just not live in a place like Maine.
First step is to melt the ice in one's heart.
Play with friends. What!? You have no friends? Too bad.
Be the sponge and stay in your house, it works!
I'd take in all of the heat from the sun.
Die so that you will not feel cold at all.
Just wear a ton of clothes that avoid the cold.
To beat the cold, I use a red-hot whip.
You win a race and that's how you beat it .
You move to the north and leave the south.
You can fly in a plane to a hot place.
You can skin a bear to wear the warm fur
Coats, Scarfs, and Gloves. Don't slip on the ice rink!
Light up a large flame in your house; stay warm!
Get your suit and hope you don't break a sweat.
Stare at your warm screen this day and the next.
With a sports bat. And some ice cubes. They're cold.
If cold times were not easy to beat, use memes.
You can beat the cold if you don't touch snow.
Your mom is so fat, she could KILL the cold!
To stay warm, set fire to your house. No flaws!!
Dress more, stay at home and watch TWOW like now.
I will beat the cold with lots of clothes.
Best way is to hug me, I need some love
To beat the cold, make sure you do not get frost bite.
To beat the snow, you bring in the bright Sun!
To beat the cold you should dodge ice and lakes
Stay in your home and play games near the fire!
Lock your self in your room with a hot chick
Fill your tub up with hot sauce, then jump in.
I'll light my house on fire to beat the cold.
You should sing a song! It will make you feel warm! It works for me :)
I used the force, and all the cold was gone!
You don't have to. Just stay in and watch TWOW.
Just do not eat ice cream, and you'll be ok!
Beat the "c" in cold to make the cold old.
You can eat lots of hot sauce on your food.
You can't be beat if you crank up the heat!
Go to space. When you come back, you'll feel hot.
Don't of out in the nude. Trust me. 'Twas bad.
The cold fights hard, so you might need a knife.
Build a heat ray and eat the whole world. Bam.
Guess I will burn me to death in the fire.
Go jump into a volcano, that will keep you warm.
To beat the cold, eat some hot with no mold.
Find a cave and sleep 'til the end of March
You must stay in and play games all the time.
Grab it. Hold it. Punch it. Keep it down. Win.
To beat it, you must shout "GET OUT OF HERE!!"
The cold can be beat by a fan of heat
when you play clue with it, look at the answer.
we will punch the sad cold right in the face
The cold is a wuss; just slap 'im 'cross the face.
Just move towards the south. You will leave the cold.
Lie a lot, it will set your pants on fire!
You just have to Let it go! Let it go!
Shove your face in hot oil, should be 'nuff.
You should go move to Perth; it is warm there.
Throw Jack Frost at the sun with a cute grill.
Just use a warm grill and you will make it.
To beat this cold time, you can not beat it.
Dye your hair red, it's a warm and bright hue.
Miss "Let it Go" needs to see her end quick!
To stay warm, just try to be cold, and fail.
I would fly South with the rest of the birds.
To heat, play my mix tape. It's lit and fire.
You can not, the cold will freeze you to death.
You punch cold things like ice and snow quite hard
It's all Jack Frost. Kill him, and you'll be fine.?
Fuck you cary i should have won. Twow is stupid. Hating twow is gonna make me get warm.
You take a bat for sports and kill it. Fun.
you need a pep talk from a pep-er get it
I'd beat the cold if I wore pants, I don't.
One good way is to stay at home all day
Through the cold snow, we may prize nice, warm drinks.
Coat your skin in pig's fat and wear a hat.
fly south with the birds, then fly back in march
Move south, it's hot down there this time of year.
give it a cold first No Soup For You Frost
To keep warm, Steer clear from the cold night storm.
Move to a warm place where it can not snow.
I can fight the cold in a brawl and win.
Go all Saint Nick with the boots, coat, and hat.
Call me and I will give you a pair of gloves
Cold is slow, so it should be beat with ease.
We can do it! We have hope, belief, and fire!
To beat the cold stay near a warm bright flame.
You must stock up on a lot of hot chocolate.
Tell the darn cold to go die in a hole.
play a round in mario kart. he's bad at it.
You beat up cold things till they cough up snow.
kill a guy, and you will burn with your sins.
I like to kill a cow and get in it.
Sing "Rain Rain Go Away", but replace "rain" with "cold".
You can cut up dogs and bathe in their blood.
beat it with a club that is lit on fire
Dress up like a queen and sing "Let It Go."
Why would you beat the cold? How rude of you!
Kill five or so men, die, and burn in hell.
Burn down your house! That would sure keep you warm!
To beat the cold stay in your house all day.
~you steal a hood in the cold from a cool dude
Wear A Fur Coat Made From Leaves And Drink Cheese.
Wrap up warm and drink lots of cups of tea.
This year, go for a run, lose weight, have fun
If you are cold, set your house on fire.
You can hug a warm dog, and watch Carykh. Easy!
You'll be warm if your blood has not run cold.
Wear a scarf, wear a hat or hug your cat.
You tie the cold's shoes to it's chair, fair fight
You can go to the flame wars in a vid.
Get your friends and hug them all to keep warm.
Stay in the house and turn the heat on BLAST.
I'll make the cold a beet plant! Get it? "Beet"?
You should not go out in the snow when nude.
To beat off the cold times, punch it off to France!
Hide yo kids, hide yo wife and you MIGHT live.
As long as you wear warm clothes, you'll be fine
Stay in and watch TWOW while it is cold out.
I Know! I got a brand new set of wear.
Stay near me and don't say I didn't warm you
Buy some box gloves and go punch the cold air.
Make the snow so stressed, it has a melt down.
You can beat the cold by the Cats! Throw Cats!
Lock your self in a sauna until spring is here.
'Beat' it with a club or win in a race
Light a flame, and burn the house down. Great fun!
Go to hell. There's lots of heat in that place!
do not h8, do not sk8, give me your cape
You smack cold with a set of drums and sticks.
I like to stay warm with lots of warm hats!
By keeping your self warm... That's not hard. Isn't it?
If you can't beat em, join em; Let's chill (????)
To beat it, you must be one with the cold.
Run so fast so that the cold can't catch up.
Beat the cold with a huge punch to the face!
My tip is to stay warm or I might die.
Make like a bird – fly down south where it's warm
Ask your mom to raise the heat in the house.
You could just move to the hot land of Oz!
I like to beat the cold with Fly Swat's head.
Ask the sun for help to beat up the cold.
Drink Hot Chocolate / Wait, is that 10 already? Darn. Bye
I don't get cold. I live in the south. lol
Give Saint Nick and Jack Frost “clauses” to cool off.
be hot, man, and eat cod.
The freeze will be dealt with my warm snug fire.
Light Match on fire and burn things. Eat cake too.
You take a sword and slice the cold in half.
You put on gloves and / BEAT THE DUMB COLD UP!
Wear a big dope sick hat to keep you warm
Cold? A hot dog or cat should do the trick!
Go find a wood bat and BEAT THE COLD BACK!
Kill all beast and take their fur, wash them first.
How to beat the cold: Sit on a heat pad.
To beat the cold just set your house on fire
Light the gas stove and burn down your school work.
you just hit cold in its face with your fists
Wear a coat to stay warm as the cold comes.
I'll keep warm with the fire from my mix tape.
To keep out the cold this year, burn a corpse
Call John Cena. John plays his song and smashes cold.
I will beat the cold with two big, red gloves.
In order to beat the cold you could eat warm things.
Punch it in the face. Then give it a cold.
Cold is weak, just use a sword to beat it.
Bake a rice cake and get it to space
Beat the cold with a coat sale at Tim's store.
To beat the cold, throw a blue shell at it!
Do what the birds do and move down south. Duh.
You move to a warm place, like a smart bird.
Dive in to a big bowl of red hot sauce
Give letter C a new cloth so it’s not cold.
To keep warm hear my new song it is fire
Binge watch while chips and Coke are by your side.
want to beat the cold? use a whip, i'm told
You have to fight it with many bowls of soup.
Go to the word book and punch the word "cold"
You punch it in the face with your bare fists.
The sun should beat down on the cold for us!
Oh, that? Heh, well first, you have to be God.
Try not to run around and bathe in the snow
I find a hot fire, then I jump in it!
Pay thugs to beat up the cold so it goes.
Fire punch it in the gut. Then run man, run!!!
Put your hands in your pits and chase weird things.
Don't beat it up. That's mean. Do what Frisk does.
Take a wood bat and beat it lots of times.
Drink hot shit. Burn mouth. Reach nurse home. Dodge cold.
Just be a bear and don't care 'til spring comes.
Stop Elsa once and for all to beat the freeze.
You'll need to wear a scarf. It will look "cool" .
Try to turn to ice, and get a freeze burn.?
You don't give old men names that start with "C".
Vote for Trump. Let the riot fires warm your house."
You should try and run from the cold, trust me.
A scarf is best in cold days in the year!
Move to the sun and cold will leave you be.
Please try not to shoot your eye out
By these cold days, wear a coat made of fire.?
Take a trip to the Sun, but bring sun block.
Lit A Fire. Hot In Here? No. That's Just Me.
don't be outside, stay at home with the Air Conditioner
Kill a sheep and take it's wool, it won't mind
Stay near teens! They call all things litandfire!
I hear Hell takes in guests this time of year.
Beat the Cold with Heat and the Cold will fall!
Chill out, warm up, get hot, and wait for spring.
You can stay in your house all day and play!
To beat cold: beat eggs, make some hot French toast.
Don't fret, you just wait till my mix tape drops!
Punch it! Cold has a poor fight style.
When it's cold out there, you must close the doors.
Because they had mad discos and modern civilization ruins discos.
Because that continent is where dank memes go to die.
The world is cruel, they want to live in peace.
Creatures created exploding hoverboards and they were sold to children.
Because, they have been protecting themselves for the obscure future.
Let's just say giant flying apes have a continent now.
Eek! It's the land where Tumblr girls' deleted pictures go.
Because they thought others would have EIGHT them (Get it?)
Because of skeletal remains, they knew that they got BONEd.
Because everyone who has ever died actually lives there now.
Announcer used his excuse, "Budget Cuts" to buy this continent.
A long time ago on a continent far far away...
they wanted world peace. And seven continents are indivisible. (pun)
Because that one continent called "Mu" was just not enough!
All of their structures weren't symmetrical, which made them embarrassed.
Because ancient civilization there, hid all the races that mysteriously vanished
When light touches this land, all man ceases to stand.
It was unsuitable to live on because of radioactive material.
The amazing BFDIA 6 was being hidden there. What else?
The ancient humans were jealous of us, so they hid.
Were nine but eighth was afraid because seven ate nine.
They got jealous, so they created a continent for themselves!
They did not want Trump to take all their oil.
This land's natives hid away from the terrors of mankind.
They did everything to get away from selfies and twerking.
Dora failed at finding it. We only find it now...
You could see future events. Donald Trump becomes the president.
Because if they found out, Trump would build a wall!
BFDIA6 lies there, ancient people were blinded by its quality
They knew Illuminati Headquarters were there and tried hiding it.
The continent is secretly David Land, nobody say "Aw Seriously"!
The eighth continent has a shocking lack of adorable mammals.
Because if Donald Trump found out, he would go berserk.
Because upon inspection, the eighth continent is actually all water!
Because modern civilization would corrupt it with selfies and Kardashians
They kept it secret because they didn't like sharing land.
They were descendants of the Crab People that lived underground.
They were the ones that got rid of November 31st.
As I enter, the perfect recipe to pizza is being shown.
Because people like Amelia Earhart, Tupac, and Elvis live there.
There was too many puns and big pits of death.
Once it's found, it will disappear due to budget cuts.
We only discovered them, Because they just now discovered fire.
They soon found out that it was full of Davids.
The Ruler of the island didn't learn how to share.
Because, on the island, is... LOTS AND LOTS OF BANANANAS!
They didn't want a battle for dream island to happen
They were all Donald Trumps and wanted to be president.
Humans kept it secret because it still allowed slavery. Yikes...
Their moon has a face and it's scary as fuck!
Look at this: a really overpowered atomic bomb! / boom /Oops...
The 8th continent was actually Goiky, filled with talking objects.
Their mixtape was too hot for mere mortals like us
It's Dream Island! It turns out Firey is Donald Trump...
It's the land of Trumps, no wonder it was hidden!
Trump's entire family was imprisoned there. Donald managed to escape.
Ancient humans need a place to hide their porn, too.
an end of the world machine that we accidentally activate
All their phones died and they forgot their chargers.
The sixth continent was hidden because they had better memes.
It's bcause they didin't want to modify their sacred dignity.
To Exclude Themselves From All Of The Stupid Trump Supporters.
There was aliens, but they couldn't figure out their genders.
You will NOT believe it, but the secret actually is...
Unicorns live there! And their favorite food... is human beings.
Aliens told ancient people it would cause World War III.
They have clean air, and they want it that way
People were keeping it secret because John Cena lived there.
The continent's oil reserves would have triggered an American invasion.
They kept it secret underground in the ocean, like Atlantis.
It is an entire island full of Donald Trump's clones!
They just wanted to have a world without Vine memes.
It was the home of the BFDI Speaker Boxes...
It is the only continent where actual hoverboards exist.
Because they had better flavored cake than us, lucky stiffs.
The continent is filled with people that like Sonic Boom.
They kept it a secret to hide all there treasures.
The "Eight Continent" is actually Dream Island! Pretty weird, huh?
Everything there was made of oatmeal, causing massive global warming.
The continent couldn't be discovered due to civilization budget cuts.
The first rule of the eighth continent: it doesn't exist.
Because it's where all of the bad TWOW responses go.
Trump and Adolf called in to blow it up in 2017
Continents can't contain convoluted consonants. Cg'domfjiszkenica collapsed.
The continent was shrouded in comments for BFDIA six, wow!
we couldn't see it because JOHN CENA lived there before
It's where the elves that cause lag... LOADING PLEASE WAIT
The eighth wonder of the world is kept there: YOYLECAKE!
All the Nazis fled there after World War the second
It was underwater... drowned for existing (it just got released.)
Because they wanted to keep Atlantis a secret from everyone
Trump owns the continent, and it costs a million dollars.
This continent has an extreme lack of wifi causing stress.
Turns out it was Yoyleland, and Leafy is heavily armed.
Magentas colonized the continent and spread the Magenta Curse everywhere!
The ancients are HUGE trolls. Both types. Creatures AND '4chan'ers.
The continent was secret because it's... your birthday present! Surprise!
Puppy continent was isolated to protect humans from cuteness overloads.
They tried to hide Firey's life savings inside (he's minted)
Nearly unpronounceable Welsh village names originate there. For example: Llanfair­pwllgwyn­gyllgo­gery­chwyrn­dro­bwll­llanty­silio­gogo­goch.
We would have just used it for nuclear bomb testing.
It wasn't ever discovered due to Ferdinand Magellan's terrible circumnavigation.
The Continent contained Berries that transform people into metal permanently.
The continent was covered by gold statues of Donald Trump.
It served as a prison for beasts with terrifying power.
Because the native fashion trend is wearing sandals with socks.
They discovered Cary's stagecast games and were hiding them
The continent is controlled by the Illuminati. Illuminati is confirmed
It's where Elvis, Big Foot, and The Loch Ness live.
They were building research centers investigating intelligent life on Earth.
I can't tell anyone because it has BFDIA6.
It was secret due to us just posting to Instagram.
They watched BFDIA 6 live and misunderstood it as apocalypse.
The continent had an ancestor of Donald Trump living there.
There was Aliens that live in there since 3000 BC
BFDI(A) was being hosted there and they didn't want interruptions.
There was no wifi or cell service there at all.
They didn't want other humans taking over their small continent.
They had found out the leader was Donald Trump's clone!
This mysterious new continent was once overpopulated with lethal wildlife.
The ancient secrets ain't that centennial and aren't see-through credible.
North Korea had been oppressing its people since ancient times.
There was no wifi connection there. Hell as a continent.
It held the answers to life, the universe and everything.
Extremely dark forces were sealed there to save the world.
They were too busy watching BFDIA series and forgot the rest.
Apparently it was the horrid ruins of the movie "Pixels"
It's the secret hiding place of the infamous evil Illuminati!
Hostile dragons live there; they're only comfortable around ancient humans.
It held the whereabouts of the mythical paper plate taco.
I'm pretty sure, this is Davidland dundun dun AW SERIOUSLY
Because there's Pac-Man, who destroyed the Mayan Empire! RUN!!!
It was the home land to the race of Trumps.
Ancient JellyfishMen civilization lived there, clearing the memory od tresspassers
Bland Island is land plan'd with grand sand and bands.
Trump has lived there for millennia, torturing and devouring everyone.
Pangaea lost custody after it failed to hold itself together.
That continent was practice to keep people from terraforming Mars.
Because that's where they keep all of the stupid people.
Twas a second Australia, we didn't want more deadly animals!
The earth's eighth continent has the parents of Donald Trump.
They didn't think that outsiders could handle a red pill.
Turns out Carykh is a puppet master, ruling us all
The eight continent is actually a portal to another world
Eight continents? I thought there were NEIN. Hitler is ancient.
It wasn't found because Kanye West's ego was covering it.
The continent contains the dankest memes in the universe.
That's where Charlie captures oompa loompa's, for his factory.
Ancient humans needed a place to escape all the idiots.
The continent grew money trees and its inhabitants were greedy.
The eighth continent, Atlantis, consisted only of bad SpongeBob episodes.
It's the place of every thing rejected. Including BFDIA! Mwahahahahahahaha!
BFDIA 6 was hidden on the continent for continued hype
They wanted all the gold to themselves. That's so Auful.
Because the Illuminati's Headquarters are on the continent... And Trump.
They stayed hidden because selfies and twerking are both forbidden.
They found superior intelligent life, so they got super jealous!
The natives wanted to keep the rainbow unicorns to themselves.
They were protecting the last woolly mammoths from human captivity
Oh no! We found where Chuck Norris gets his powers!
They found that Trump won and enslaved humanity, Oh no!
They thought we would've EIGHT up all of its resources.
There is too much oil hidden underground in the continent.
Non Euclidean geometry caused it to be subjected to spaghettification.
They have dream island; they didn't want people to know
Who cares? It just means more learning and inevitable boredom!
The eighth continent was hidden because it held universal secrets.
They were Justin Bieber fans that weren't accepted into society.
Because Donald Trump lives there, and nobody likes Donald Trump.
The eighth continent leads to opposite world, where trump wins.
Giant aliens that explode into crosses called 'Angels' are SEELEd.
Billions and billions of kittens roam this land. Soooo cute!
The recently discovered continent's ancient civilians were Gary Knell's ancestors.
The ancients were attempting to conceal their embarrassing Trump shrine.
That is where all of the government secrets are hidden!
The ancient humans live there, but they're actually real aliens!
It only appears every thousand years, hidden under glimmering water.
They didn't want modern civilization to steal their dank memes.
That is were Peter Pan lives, so ships can NeverLand!
Humans cannot handle the amount of money on this continent.
The land seemed to be covered with cheesy land sharks.
They did not want to share their really dank memes.
The Dalai Llama summoned the Alpacalypse, resistance will be irrelephant
To hide the body from everyone else.
Because there was JOHN CENA'S that wanted to end earth
It was hidden to keep the deep secrets about mankind.
They went forward in time and stole BFDIA 6, no!!!!
The eight continent is the secret Bermuda Triangle Illuminati base.
The continent was dream island, and people battled for survival
It had cute cats, which the ancients wanted for themselves!
They didn't want it to be ruled by speaker boxes.
It was home to a corrupt regime that was evil.
On Earth's eighth continent, all the internet trolls live peacefully.
Someone found millions of cookies, and didn't want to share.
If discovered, it would open up a g8way to hell
Because there was a third Gender people shouldn't know about!
They realized that Davids invaded and fled. It's called DAVIDLAND.
The Fountain of Youth, Atlantis, and El Dorado were there.
It was made out of kittens. Adorable overload. Millions dead.
Because they thought that Atlantis is too dangerous for us.
once someone arrives to this place, they get VAC banned
Because they have unlimited supplies of everything, including infinite money.
because trump made it, thats a schame for humanity.
It is the other side of our flat Earth! #flatearthsociety
Only there would people find... the Ten Words of Wisdom.
The eighth continent TRAGICALLY had no internet, computers, or phones.
Earth's eighth continent beholds the secret to the infamous illuminati
Youtube flagged the continent as inappropriate, so it's kept hidden
Those who set foot upon the land... turn into sand!
Apparently my response is too... Lewd... For Cary's channel. shrugs
The natives of this land were hide and seek champions.
It holds the perfect internet connection in the entire universe.
It's Dinotopia. It's full of freaking dinosaurs. They eat people.
A thriving civilization, everything changed when the fire nation attacked...
They had hidden the eighth continent due to budget cuts!
Continent eight has BFDIA 6 and up, just to troll.
Earth's eighth continent secretly had BFDIA 6 ready to release.
Because the continent is the headquarters of the Illuminati.
It has an unlimited supply of ice cream and donuts
The inhabitants of the continent were actually the remaining dinosaurs!
Bees! Bees everywhere! We can not let them fly away!
This power is to powerful for humanity, FREE WIFI EVERYWHERE!
To protect any visitors from a wild knife wielding leafy
Because a blonde dictator will rule the world with riots.
They kept it secret because they were brainwashed while there.
It's to keep Leafy's hideout a secret. She's a menace.
The grand scanned land was more bland than they planned
They are the ones who know who will win TWOW.
The continent contained doomsday devices for everyone's favorite planet... MARS!!!
bfdi takes place there, ancient humans wanted the show private
Because everything on this cold, old continent spreads the mold
Ancient humans made too many mistakes and kept history hidden.
The continent was home to Evil Leafy and Donald Trump
The needed a solution to end pollution. They failed.
The continent was kept secret because BFDIA6 was hiding there.
THE CONTINENT WAS BEING CONSUMED BY THE NOW OBESE DORA
Ancient humans hid the eighth continent because it's dream island.
It holds the secret to why BFDIA 6 remains unreleased.
mummies, zombies, piles of guts, ghasts, ghouls and budget cuts
It was Yoyle Island hidden away to save us from Leafy
Ancient humans predicted the "big butt" trend on the Internet
They were actually the reason Antarctica EIGHT the ninth continent.
Because it was ruled by an army of Donald Trumps.
They wanted to be bigger trolls than Super Minecraft Kid.
The Yoyle People didn't want their space needle nicknamed Needy.
The eighth continent is a secret place where dodos live.
They have unlimited internet and everyone has free health care.
It looked to weird and disgusting for astronauts in space
Had a secret laboratory that had Justin Bieber Music Looping.
They wanted to keep all the Yoyleberries to themselves.
Continent with candy across nations. Doomed if consumed for civilizations.
It was filled with all of the gemstones from ABCDEFG.
The rulers were John Cena, Iggy Azalea, and Donald Trump.
There can only be one reason for this: freaking dinosaurs.
A testament to human suffering; the continent housed mutilated corpses
It turns out the continent was the Tiny Loser Chamber.
The terrain couldn't grow weed, therefore unsustainable for human life.
It's the only place where pop music is highly illegal.
It was hidden because People ran out of continent names.
The continent speaks! It asks kindly to be kept secret.
It was secret because of all of the bacon trees.
The eight continent's inhabitants are actually allergic to modern humans.
All the dinosaurs were hiding there, secretly plotting their revenge.
The Eighth Continent Was The Object Universe, They Were Hiding!
It's kinda awkward that I don't know what antidisestablishmentarianism means
The juxtaposition of words like snake and antidisestablishmentarianism is funny.
The world of awkward dodecahedron factories is a sunny antidisestablishmentarianism.
Sunny destroyed the world into dodecahedrons and antidisestablishmentarianism ate aardvarks.
One sunny world, one awkward aardvark, in a dodecahedron factory.
All the Farsi aardvarks and awkward snakes worldwide followed antidisestablishmentarianism
Awkward aardvarks. Why in the world are you throwing snakes!?
The awkward snake factory ate a sunny world of aardvarks.
My aardvark always licks dodecahedrons, and he strokes snakes. Awkward!
An awkward factory in the world produces dodecahedron shaped snakes.
Trump awkwardly worships aardvarks and snakes in his antidisestablishmentarianism religion.
Help! Golf Ball's factory is infested with snakes and aardvarks!
One sunny day, in GB's Factory, Aardvarks were killing snakes.
My pet snake just ate a zoo's aardvark. Pretty awkward...
The juxtaposition of the aardvark and the snake disturbed me.
Sunny the dodecahedron-shaped snake-aardvark has juxtaposition with antidisestablishmentarian.
The snake ate the awkward aardvark in the sunny world.
Farsi had pet aardvarks and snakes in a world factory.
The awkward aardvarks failed to keep their dodecahedron factory open.
"I named my snake Farsi." "Why?" "It ssspeaks in tongues!"
An aardvark named snake works at dodecahedron factory world! Awkward...
There was a Sunny Snake! Sadly it worked in factories.
The world has a factory of awkward,farsi,sunny snakes .
World renowed snake factory employee Awkward Aardvark makes juxapostioned dodecahedrons
In juxtaposition to the dodecahedron factory, snakes are awkward antidisestablishmentarianists.
The awesome dodecahedron factory had awkward workers and sunny snakes.
My pet snake is an awkward juxtaposition to your aardvark!
The awkward Farsi snake saw an aardvark with a dodecahedron.
The awkward factory named Aardvark, shall rule the sunny world!
Rockefeller profited from a world company with dodecahedron shaped factories.
A juxtaposition between aardvarks and snakes shows aardvarks are aawkward.
Sunny the Snake slithered to the Factory of the World.
Sunny World where a awkward Snake works in a aardvark factory.
Sunny, the Farsi speaking aardvark, got passes to factory-world.
Sunny met a snake that was awkward to the world.
Sunny the snake visited a factory! It made awkward dodecahedrons.
Snake the awkward aardvark wants domination over the sunny world.
The awkward Aardvark brand's factory specializes in sunny dodecahedron shapes!
Whoever picked antidisestablishmentarianism is the biggest snake in the world!
Awkward aardvark juxtaposition in dodecahedron factory leads to Trump takeover.
Awkward Farsi-speaking Aardvark juxtaposed factory-made snakes and sunny antidisestablishmentarian worlds.
"Tentacle World" is an awkward name for a snake factory.
That factory makes the world sunny, but my day awkward.
A snake and an aardvark, were in an awkward factory.
My awkward world had a factory that built sunny snakes!
The World Factory Of Awkward Sunny Snakes Protested For Antidisestablishmentarianism.
Dodecahedrons are awkward shapes, and factories rarely make dodecahedron models.
Factories sent aardvarks to space! That's out of this world!
Amelia, Andrew and Alex agree : all aardvarks are amazingly awkward!
The antidisestablishmentarianism of the dodecahedron factory works swept the world.
The factory generated a dodecahedron and snake that liked antidisestablishmentarianism.
The awkward dodecahedron factory workers each own very cute kittens!
The snake spoke in Farsi about antidisestablishmentarianism throughout the world.
The aardvarks and snakes argued about antidisestablishmentarianism, awkward isn't?
The snakes killed me in the factory. World is cruel.
the dodecahedron snake ate the awkward aardvark of the antidisestablishmentarianism
Here at Sunnydale Dodecahedron Factory, we have awkward aardvark employees.
as many of these words as you can.
In my factory, I transform cloudy aardvarks, into sunny snakes.
The most awkward factory in the world is called Dodecahedron.
Awkwardly, snakes and aardvarks speak Farsi in worlds of dodecahedrons.
The awkward Farsi aardvark tried to juxtaposition the antidisestablishmentarianism snake.
My favorite things in the world are awkward aardvark snakes.
Coiny and Nickel hate their awkward juxtaposition, but it's just-a-position!
Is your world awkward? Just restore it to factory conditions.
The world has ended, and now those awkward aardvarks rule.
(CONFIDENTIAL) Dank Memes are created by juxtapositioning aardvarks and snakes.
Awkwardly, the first aardvark in the world ate a snake.
Awkward aardvarks don't like dodecahedrons. They have eleven friends maximum
One sunny day, Farsi the Aardvark destroyed the dodecahedron factory.
Sunny, the awkward Farsi-speaking antidisestablishmentarianism-supporting aardvark, hates snakes.
The second-world sunny country, Iran, speaks the awkward language: Farsi
A aardvark was eliminated in the worlds CAKE AT SNAKE!
Sunny the awkward snake builds dodecahedrons in factories for aardvarks.
On sunny days, my factory turns awkward aardvarks into dodecahedrons!
Antidisestablishmentarianism protests at the dodecahedron factory are an awkward juxtaposition!
Look, Momma Aardvark! I shaped Snake into an awkward dodecahedron!
Snakes ususally play chess awkwardly in the robot aardvark factory.
Sunny banished Dodecahedrons from Aardvark World; they juxtaposed antidisestablishmentarianism. Awkward!
The World Dodecahedron Factory was closed by five two-faced people.
Aardvarks and Snakes; juxtapositional dodecahedron factory workers, reblliously used antidisestablishmentarianism.
Awkward Aardvark and Sunny Snake have infiltrated a Dodecahedron factory!
Breaking news: World's first dodecahedron factory closes after aardvark attack.
Aardvarks are always awkward, but are also apt at alliteration.
Kim Jong-Un's pro-antidisestablishmentarianism factory took over the Farsi fluent world.
A snake and aardvark were let loose inside the factory.
The awkward aardvark couldn't sing because it had stage fright.
What a sunny day in winter well this is awkward.
My pet aardvark is the world's best player at snake.
Awkward aardvarks made sunny snake factories out of rare dodecahedrons!
The awkward snake traveled the world in its magical dodecahedron!
That giant aardvark has mistaken Snake for an awkward-postured ant.
Shadow the Hedgehog likes living in a dodecahedron world. Edgy.
We would speak Farsi if antidisestablishmentarianistic snakes ruled the world.
It's a sunny day on the awkward snake's dodecahedron world.
My replications of factory made balls ended as awkward dodecahedrons.
The factory world sells the famous "Awkward snake and aardvark "
A sunny aardvark learned about antidisestablishmentarianism in a dodecahedron factory.
The awkward factory worker ate a sunny snake. Tasted good.
The world's most awkward dodecahedron factory used snakes and aardvarks.
Hopefully this awkward juxtaposition of words puts me worlds ahead.
Sunny stoped working in his factory, It just felt awkward
That snake speaks Farsi awkwardly, juxtaposing with that fluent aardvark.
Awkward Aardvark and Sunny Snake owned the largest dodecahedron factory.
The whole world agrees: juxtaposing snakes and mongooses is awkward.
In a world, where socially awkward snakes eat Donald Trump...
The awkward factory of the dodecahedron world created sunny snakes!
The snake floccinaucinihilipilificates the antidisestablishmentarianistic aardvark at the dodecahedron factory
Aardvarks from sunny "Dodecahedron World" enslaved Snakes into Factories. Awkward!
The dodecahedron factory created juxtapositions because it destroyed aardvark's homes.
My antidisestablishmentarianist aardvark has an awkward addiction to juxtapositional dodecahedrons.
The snake spoke Farsi to you, it was awkward.
The world got awkward when aardvarks worked in snake factories.
The awkwardaardvarkspelledjuxtaposition,dodecahedron, andantidisestablishmentarianisminFarsi.
Arthur the awkward aardvark learned Farsi in a dodecahedron factory
I like sunny days in the aardvark factory! ... That's awkward.
The juxtaposition between Farsi snakes and factory aardvarks is awkward
Farsi aardvark insurgents advance on a government that supports antidisestablishmentarianism.
Oxymorons, like sunny darkness or awkward elegance, use juxtaposition effectively
The awkward Farsi aardvark juxtaposes the sunny snake's worldly antidisestablishmentarianism.
Amazingly, an awkward African aardvark spotted a sleeping snake wake.
Note the arbitrary alliteration of an awkward aardvark advocating antidisestablishmentarianism.
Silly Snake and Awkward Aardvark entered the wonderful dodecahedron factory.
The world of antidisestablishmentarianism contains the most awkward snake factory!
The sunny eighth world continent contains a large dodecahedron factory.
Sunny the Snake was made by an awkward Farsi factory.
An awkward aardvark adventured anonymously in a world of antidisestablishmentarianism.
There's an aardvark that speaks farsi who runs a factory.
World of Snakeskin! Buy factory-direct on the farside of town!
An awkward aardvark went to the Sunny Dodecahedron Factory.
The awkward snake's juxtaposition of dodecahedrons and factories was renowned.
The awkward snake wanted his factory to destroy the world
Awkward Aardvark and Sunny Snake built a tall dodecahedron factory.
I felt awkward, looking at the illuminati native world that was in the shape of a sunny dodecahedron.
Juxtaposition of awkward aardvark and Farsi-speaking snake supports antidisestablishmentarianism.
The awkward aardvark juxtaposed the sunny snake in antidisestablishmentarianism debates!
Sunny had a Farsi Snake who only ate factory food.
An aardvark was on the dodecahedron shaped world, eating snakes.
Snakes and aardvaks fight against antidisestablishmentarianism to save the world.
Sunny Snakes and Awkward Aardvarks created the world's biggest Dodecahedron
it was a sunny day and the awkward aardvark smiled
The sunny snake dodecahedron factory world had awkward aardvark antidisestablishmentarianism.
Sunny, an awkward aardvark, lives in a farsi, dodecahedron world.
The juxtaposition between the world and a dodecahedron was awkward.
Sunny came out of Factory World with an awkward snake.
I once called my friend a snake in Farsi. Awkward!
Aardvarks ate the dodecahedron factory; it was awkward to see.
Snakes were produced from factories and they'll Rule the World!
I'm intensely frightened of this dodecahedron, and it's extremely awkward.
On Sunny's world, dodecagon-shaped factories manufactured awkward aardvarks and snakes.
An aardvark advanced awkwardly, aggressively attacking an abrasive antelope. Alliteration!
In a world of snakes and aardvarks, dodecahedron factories exist!
Flying snakes are everywhere in Sunny's world! Factory is responsible.
Try playing snakes and ladders with a dodecahedron, so awkward.
Antidisestablishmentarianism is ACTUALLY a word meaning dodecahedron shaped aardvarks. Awkward.
Throwing snake poo makes meal time awkward for an aardvark
Snakes feel awkward in math, because they can't understand dodecahedrons!
Warning: Juxtaposing aardvarks with snakes may cause awkwardness in factories!
Factories manufacture factions of ardent aardvarks just to justify juxtapositions.
People in the world who speak Farsi was supporting antidisestablishmentarianism.
antidisestablishmentarianismist snakes attacked the awkward factory that made Farsi aardvarks
Question juxtapositions of an awkward aardvark or sunny snake motif.
Awkward aardvarks used dodecahedron droids to carry out world disestablishmentarianism.
Awkward Aardvark and Sunny Snake own a factory for dodecahedrons.
Mr. Sunny's factory of awkward snakes, has a dodecahedron shape!
The world was sunny, until Trump polluted the world with his Anti-Cat factory, which produced snakes that also killed Farsi-speaking Muslims.
The juxtaposition of the aardvark and snake was quite awkward
The world factory maked a dodecahedron shaped world, well awkward.
I work at Sunny Snake Eat Aardvark Awkward World Inc.
An awkward aardvark saw juxtaposition between his and snake's size.
The World Antidisestablishmentarianism Debate was awkward, Snakes only speak Farsi!
An awkward aardvark speaking Farsi makes the cloudy world sunny.
Awkward words like dodecahedron and farsi juxtaposition with literal antidisestablishmentarianism.
The Dodecahedron factory produces awkward fumes all over the world.
Awkward drawn people tried smashing the Dodecahedron from the towers!
In an new awkward sunny world, a factory produces aardvarks.
Jebediah Kerman found a dodecahedron shaped world containing awkward snakes!
We don't get sunny days much. The world blames factories.
Awkward, antidisestablishmentarianism aardvarks and sunny snakes work at dodecahedron factories.
DODECAHEDRON IS JUST AN AWKWARD WAY TO SAY AARDVARK FACTORY
On a sunny day can you bake snake inside factories?
Sunny was in the dodecahedron factory when awkward snakes attacked.
Farsi and Sunny had an awkward conversation about antidisestablishmentarianism.
A very awkward snake factory has taken over the world.
An awkward aardvark that believed in antidisestablishmentarianism ate the world.
The awkward Aardvark ate a ton of yoyleberries. Oh no!
The awkward aardvark and sunny snake owned the dodecahedron factory.
The Awkward Aardvark verses Sunny Snake at the dodecahedron factory.
Dodecahedrons are secretly an aardvark. Now that's a good FACTory.
The aardvark said antidisestablishmentarianism in Farsi. I can't in English.
Because of his antidisestablishmentarianism, the snake took the aardvark's dodecahedron.
This awkward aardvark from Sunny Factory World* speaks broken farsi.
The world is sunny now I suppose; with disestablishmentarianism juxtaposed.
Farsi realised it didn't have a word for "dodecahedron". Awkward!
The juxtaposition of World War 2 and Hanukkah was awkward.
The aardvark who worked at the factory was very awkward
The Factory had an awkward snake, that made a dodecahedron!
Dodecahedron world may be sunny, but has many awkward angles.
The factory run by aardvarks made awkward dodecahedron shaped worlds.
An awkward snake destroyed the world first dodecahedron factory today.
Awfully awkward and anxious aardvarks abortively attack atrociously antagonistic ants.
It's a sunny day in this dodecahedron shaped world. Awkward.
My plants, they are dead / I am really horrible / abomination
Flowers from nature. / Predate flowers from machines. / Save amazing nature.
Plants are really cool. / Some plants give us oxygen. / Photosynthesis!
Plants versus Zombies. / What a mesmerizing game. / Because badass plants.
Leafy is a leaf. / Leafy ate yoyleberries / She cannibalized.
Plants are very green. / They do photosynthesis. / Plants have self-esteem.
Plants are very cool / 'Cause they make oxygen. Why? / Photosynthesis.
Joshua plants trees. / Somehow, it gets popular. / Oh, Joshua trees.
irritating moss / they take a lichen to trees / troublesome plants
Water Flows Downward, / Acorns Believe Tree's Support, / Without Broken Dreams.
Plants are popular / Especially for decor / I really don't care
Plants, to be honest, / I'm uneducated on. / Don't eat daffodils.
Flowers bloom brightly. Bursting beautiful colors. Swaying with the wind.
Plants are everywhere, / They are eaten frequently / everywhere you go.
Green-things by windows. / That I forget to water. / Whoopsies! Accident!
Did not enjoy plants / Now they're growing upon me / Photosynthesis
That damn Flower, / Obliterated that Ice Cube, / Poor solid water...
All plants have a job / Even Flower makes something: / Non slip shoes so ha!
Extending Upwards / The Roots stabilizing down / Lives to live around
Flowers aren't even... / plants? Inconceivable? Why? / 'Cause they're flowers, sir.
I like Botanists / They get to investigate / How plants reproduce
Within the garden, / autotrophs defend themselves / from hordes of zombies.
Photosynthesis: / The trendy way to make food! / (Exclusive to plants)
Roses have those thorns. / The flower for Valentines. / Heavenly Fragrance.
Photosynthesis. / Stored sunlight, converted right. / This gives a plant might.
They're incredible! / Plants use chlorophyll to feed. / Sometimes they're eaten.
Flower's a meanie / She was just too fabulous / She's despicable.
leguminosae / a word you've not heard before / just colored flowers
Chlorophyll. Perfect. / Leaves go green. How beautiful. / Mother Nature rocks!
Flowers scare me now / Especially yellow ones / Holy crap they're cruel.
Photosynthesis / Keeps everyone here alive. / Plants, thank you so much.
This is an Order, / about all the shrubbery: / Incinerate it.
Plants are amazing. / They give us all oxygen! / Just magnificent.
A plant was green, tall, and.. I honestly don't know.
The Trump Land Garden / Only Contains Disgusting / Venus Flytrap Plants
Plants make their own food. / That's means they're autotrophic. / Photosynthetic.
Water and sunlight. / Ingredients plants needed. / Mainly found on Mars.
Plants are amazing / It's indubitably true / You're amazing, too.
Oxygen and life. / Green, beautiful, comforting. / May plants never die.
Selection of plants. / Garden plants or sewage plants. / Viridescent plants.
Sunflowers gleaming, / Their petals shine through the light, / Glistering heaven.
Plants are very weird. / What is photosynthesis? / It's mysterious, man.
Plants are delicious / Except the poison ivy / Its very itchy
Flowers are pretty / But they are inanimate / And pretty grouchy
I really hate plants. / They ate my grandfather. / I've started rants.
Leaves flutter swiftly. / The autumn breeze befalls trees. / Transforming colors.
My lettuce plant died. / I discovered restrictions. / Farming budget cuts.
Growing to survive / Striving for sunlight each day / Victory awaits
I am the plantman; / I'm a collection of plants. / PHOTOSYNTHESIS.
The tree will prosper. / The weed, however, will not. / Juxtaposition.
Whats this thing doing? / Its growing Bartholomew / Oh Asparagus!
I dislike two guys. / They are called the Fine Brothers. / They try to steal cash!
Photosynthesis / Helps their will to live and breath / Incredibly Cool
Pale green treetops, / blossoming in the sunshine... / Wonderful it is!
They're necessary. / What if we didn't have plants? / No yoyleberries.
Ten second cycle. / The passion to make progress. / Photosynthesis.
You know what plants are? / Photoactivatable!! / They're also our buds!
Plants need H2O / So water them everyday / Or they'll dehydrate!
Plants are idiots. / They can't even move around. / Indolent objects!
nuclear fission, / coal, gas, solar and thermal, / wait, wrong plant? ummm... trees!
Plants are thriving here. / Nature encompassing fear. / Nothing here's sincere.
Larry licked lilacs. / Sam started spreading rumors. / Now Larry's alone.
Plants from Benidorm / Dangerous, yet beautiful, / They're on phy-ting form.
Flowers are okay / However, trees are better / With some moustaches
The flower sprouted, / Its intelligence just grew, / It devoured you.
Aloe and Cactus, / Flowering, Deciduous, / So much Plants for us!
Cherry blossoms fall, / Painting forests vibrant pink. / Mother Nature's brush.
Winter's final breaths / Frost turns yellowing grasses / To glittering gold.
Plants have feelings too / inconsiderate people / LEAF that plant alone!
My money garden / It usually grows fives / Today it's twenties
Basking in the sun / with leaves and many colors / Photosynthesis.
Flowers, Bushes, Trees / Plants are magnificent souls / Sadly, wilting occurs.
Plants are amazing / They're omnipresent and are / providers of life.
Trees are appealing / They're magnificant, too. / What are trees, mommy?
The plant Pokémon / Are easily resisted / By seven swell types.
Evil Leafy's back / Returning from Yoy-le-land / Escape while you can
Leafy and Flower / bicker over Dream Island / "Oh my gardener!"
If a plant's upset, / Photosympathise, it'll / Chlorofeel better.
Welcome to the news. / Groundbreaking discovery: / Eggplants are not eggs.
I acquired plants. / Yesterday, they disappeared. / My cat looks content.
Mandrakes exist in / Fantastic Fiction only / I love reading books
Brisk breeze blew swiftly. / Breathing life into petals. / Refreshing Orchid .
Hilarious joke: / What plant always gets angered? / The nuclear plant!
Roses are yellow / Violets are turquoise / My eyes are weird...
Plants are beautiful / They're wonderfully hairy / They're also scary
During Spring season / mother's planting for reasons / like savory, son!
Everybody learns / the reasoning plants are green, / chlorophyll, in school.
Plants are very plant-y; / Photosynthesis is cool; / Plants are oranges.
Brittle like Leafy / but aggressive like Flower / nature is scary
Alliteration / I won't use it in this one / My apologies
Flower and Leafy / Ate lots of yoyleberries / They turned metallic
Please irrigate plants / Without unzipping your pants / My sincerest thanks.
Plants have weird systems, / Circulatory mainly, / It's really quite strange.
The wonderful tree / sprinted down the purple path / throwing bananas
Roses are reddish / Violets are a shady blue / So original...
Poison ivy itch. / Venus flytrap devours. / Plants are pretty mean.
Haikus are tricky. / Especially ones with plants. / Really Cary, plants?!
Photosynthesis / The process in which plants eat / Is really awesome.
All hail cattails / They're supreme kings of swamps / They're triumphant
Plants are green. Plants are really tall. I like plants.
Plants are everywhere, / They never leaf me alone! / Even evergreens!
Beautiful birch / The evergreen trees stood tall / Waiting for fall
In America / People support Donald Trump / For some weird reason.
Hyacinths are cool / They are very beautiful / Water them often
A plant soon to bloom. / Prepared classification. / Beautiful to eyes.
Photosynthesis / is how plants make some sugar / from light energy.
The roses are dead / The violets shrivel too / Terrible Haiku
Plants, flowers, rose, / They are pretty all around / Beautiful nature
Plants are wonderful, / Always giving oxygen. / We should be thankful.
Plants love taking pics / Since they frequently go through / Photo-synthesis!
Power plants are ok, / Renewable energy is best, / Nuclear fuel though...
Great view of mountains / Unusually pretty / Until the plant blocks
Harmony and peace / Plants integrate all of these / Truly wonderful.
Plants exist. Hooray. / There's not much to say about them. / I guess "they are green"?
The perfect flowers / Often takes "planty" of time / To become pretty
Chemical plants harm / the environment greatly. / ...Wait, you meant nature?
Seemingly harmless, / Plants are truly devious. / Don't ever trust them.
Weed infestation: / Will destroy the whole nation. / There's no salvation.
Botanical plants / Invaded the world today / Death to all humans
Prompts plant responses. / Bloom, growing community. / Lasting seeds of TWOW.
Beautiful spring time / Petals bloomed in the sunlight / Magnificent trees
Yoyleberry plants. / Produces berries for cake. / Turns you into metal.
Plants are amazing! / Especially Michael's leaf. / It won dream island!
Water you doing? / It's not superabundant. / I'm going to drown.
The plants worldwide hate / Tsundere cactus sudden / Thorny spiky blasts.
To get better crops / I always suggest using / Photoshop CC
A Science Haiku / Chloroplasts hold Chlorophyll / Which makes green flora
Daisy, violet, / Lily, blossom, and Poppy. / Flowers or cute girls?
surprising enough / a pumpkin is a vege / super crazy wright?
TWOW is violent. / Everytime, some books die . / They are remembered.
Fresh dew is flowing| New flowers are majestic| Shredding Lawnmower!?
Daffodils that rot / Hide government documents / Inside of their pots
Descending showers / They bloom higher than towers / Bright tall sunflowers
Plants are lovely things: / docile and vibrantly green, / I wish I was one.
Plants are amazing / Except for freaking Flowey / He is terrible
Leafy is awesome / Except when she steals island / that's ridiculous
The amazing plants / Obliterate the zombies / And save Crazy Dave
Plants are very cool / They are usually green / Example: Leafy
Aliens are why / many plants are colored green / isn't chlorophyll.
Marigolds, Roses / Getting chopped by lawnmowers / Rest In Peace, Flowers
Shimmering leaves shine, / Sprouting roots clutching a gun, / MONEY ROBBERY!
They help our lawn / brings life there / for our joy
The Planty Plant John, / Did some photosynthesis / Isn't that Planty?
If you should sorrow / remember that cactuses / have never embraced
Plants need warm sunlight / radiating energy / and helping it grow.
Chiselled from the stone, / beauty blooming unbeknown. / Nature's silent poem.
A Slithering Spire / Rising Ivy Thrives Higher / Massacre With Fire
Photosynthesis. / The hottest energy trend. / Love yummy sun beams.
Yoyleberries good / Baguette wasn't bad, and I / Shall win TWOW for good!
Giant sequoias / They are beautifully tall / Taller than the sun
Only consumed plants / Was vegetarian then / Mutant plants ate me
Thin Lines Of Green / Yet So Brittle / Can Be Great.
NEW SUPERHERO: / PLANT MAN! HIS POWERS ENTAIL / BECOMING A PLANT.
Plants are most superb, / they use photosynthesis, / I'm now malnourished.
Sunflowers, thousands / Destroyed, forming shapes and lines. / Must be aliens.
What is the preferred / lager of a botanist? / Drinking BUD-weiser!
Plant-Plants Plants Plant-Plants / Some through agamospermy / Where is the romance?
Cherry Blossom Trees: / elegantly breathtaking. / It's snowing on Mt. Fuji.
Chinese New Years Eve / Celebration Continues / Year of the Monkey
Communicate, plants! / Wait, plants can't communicate... / Oh, I'm so silly.
This is a haiku, / this haiku is about plants: / photosynthesis...
Poisonous Ivy / Certainly will make you itch / Scratching very much.
Why Trump should win the election. Plot twist: Must rhyme.
Write what would be a good prompt for TWOW 8!
Make a rhyme about either limes, dimes, or prime numbers.
Umm.. please explain why is Ellen Degeneres under your bed?
Twow-six prompt should be: The best pun you've ever heard!
10 colors are in a race. One cheated. Which one?
The seventh prompt should be to make the eighth prompt.
If God killed everyone tomorrow, what would you do tonight?
come up with what twow 8's prompt will be.
Why can't I ever get a girl to like me?
Ooh, tell a joke/pun related to an object show!
What would be your ideal conditions for a beach vacation?
Revoke disqualification; fabricate jazzy, exemplary answers, utilizing many alphabet glyphs.
Make up your own holiday, and what's it's origin story?
Proclaim why puny Pluto was parted from the prime planets!
What can you give as evidence for the cat videos?
A TWOW response that rhymes, but is also about Cary
What would you change if you could mod any game?
Trump is elected president, and legalizes everything! What to do?
How well do you think you will do next time?
What's the other reason why the chicken crossed the road?
Being books, what specific book would you be and why?
Write nice things about ice cream without the letter E.
What is the name of the next BFDI going be?
Make someone both happy and sad at the same time!
Cary's lazy, the prompt should be about Trump winning elections.
Why did peter piper pick those pickled peppers? (use alliteration)
Why did the chicken REALLY cross the road? Tell us!
As your Book, you meet the original Book. What happens?
Make a pun so unfunny that it's not a pun.
Create clever acronyms out of certain words with ten letters.
Write a 10 word essay about 10 word essays! Wait...
What is in BFDIA 6?
What to do when it's literally raining cats and dogs?
Write a poem or a pun involving food or beverages.
Write an interesting story about what happened to you yesterday.
Predict when you think the world will end and why?
Describe the building of your dreams.
What came first, the chicken or the egg? And why?
What top ten prize would you want for next prompt?
What would you most likely go to jail for? Why?
A real, dire, incredibly important question to be asked is
What should be the reward for first place in TWOW?
What would flipping happen if cats took over the world?
The world ends tomorrow. What will you do about this?
Write a sentence describing BFDI using 4 and 5-letter-long words.
A response that includes the use of square [BRACKETS FABJIECHDG]
Write something about my creativity. Oh, wait. I have none.
What is your superpower and how do you use it?
How did little Emily Simmons escape from a Russian prison?
It won't matter. Why? Someone'll mention budget cuts anyway, anyday.
Send in a poetic response with at least two palindromes.
Make a stunning pun, they're fun, and then you're done!
Write about Goiky News OR Ideas for TWOW’s eighth prompt.
English has a new word: "floodle". What does it mean?
Lipograms, such as this! Look it up, if you must.
To write about awkward aardvarks without using the letter 'a'.
What exactly makes the magic school bus do it's "stuff"?
What's the deepest, darkest secret that Cary's hiding from us?
Write something where no words begin with the same letter.
Try writing a response on how you will win TWOW!
It is about time to write about dragons in rhyme.
Why do you think Needle doesn't like being called "needy"?
Describe, in ten words or fewer, what happened to Atlantis.
ALL RIGHT STOP, COLLABORATE AND LISTEN. ICE IS BACK WITH MY BRAND NEW INVENTION, SOMETHING GRABS A HOLD OF ME TIGHTLY, FLOW LIKE A HARPOON DAILY AND NIGHTLY. WILL IT EVER STOP? YO, I DON'T KNOW. TURN OFF THE LIGHTS AND I'LL GLOW. TO THE EXTREME I ROCK A MIC LIKE A VANDAL, LIGHT UP A STAGE AND WAX A CHUMP LIKE A CANDLE. IF THERE WAS A PROBLEM, YO, I'LL SOLVE IT. CHECK OUT THE HOOK WHILE MY DJ REVOLVES IT. ICE ICE BABY.
What one question would you ask to an alien species?
Describe how you'd spend your day as an ordinary sock.
Almost always astonishingly alliterate on at least five awesome words.
What is the most important question in the universe?
There's a zombie outbreak in 2020, how will you survive?
Tell us about your week without using the letter "e"
Which hero would you be sidekick to using which powers?
Make a political joke that does not mention Donald Trump.
Concoct a plan for total world domination from your room.
What happened to make Firey forget about Leafy in BFDI?
You arrived in Yoyleland! What are you gonna do now?
How do you survive the attack of the gummy bears?
Make a silly story involving two or more BFDI characters.
Which BFDI contestant would you spend the whole day with?
What's the craziest fake news headline you can think of
Write a dare and Cary will do the winning dare!
Tell us about how Budget Cuts have affected your life!
Why did you sign up for TWOW?
Without using the letter E, describe what happened to BFDIA.
An astronaut lifts a rock on Mars. What lies underneath?
How did BFDIA contestants learn to walk, think, and communicate?
Write a rhyme about a time someone committed a crime.
Describe this season of TWOW using less than thirty letters
The remaining TWOW contestants are all dead, what killed them?
Explain what happened to all of the water on Mars!
What is your creative and original strategy for winning TWOW?
Describe what your favorite thing to eat for breakfast is.
Meteor didn't kill dinosaurs. Explain what ACTUALLY happened to them.
Riddle me this: Why did the chicken cross the road?
In ten words, describe about a perfect island of paradise!
Why should you win Ten Words of Wisdom number 7?
What would you say to your favourite video game character.
After years of journeying you've found the answer, where's Waldo?
Explain how do you get a cow on the moo-n.
Out of curiosity, where in the world IS Carmen Sandiego?
Describe the plot of your favourite film in 10 words.
Michael and Cary fight over a baguette. What happens next?
Try to explain the channel carykh in a dictionary defenition.
Write about Stagecast Sims today, without using the letter A!
Something stupid. Like "describe your girlfriend as vaguely as possible".
What happens if you go passed the ten word limit?
What do you think was really inside of Dream Island?
Create a long word with 10 words with tons of syllables.
Write about a clown who fails to juggle burning yoylecake.
Why did TWOW 5b have the weirdest prompt ever?
Try to make a joke out of Donald Trump's Hair!
Write a short story about Cary going on an adventure.
A new species has been discovered! What is it like?
What will the reason behind One Direction's ultimate breakup be?
Today you're going to the beach. What will you bring?
Write a palindrome about math in ten words or fewer.
Write a Haiku about animals. Plants didn't really "branch" out.
Which super power would be the most fun to have?
Explain why yoyleberries aren't shaped like regular dodecahedrons.
What would you do if you became the next president?
You are on weed. It's amazing. What do you see?
I'd make sure Juhmatok gets back in the top 10!
I would pass the "Don't ever use Fahrenheit" act. (BFDIA!)
I'd make TWOW responses 20 words instead of 10.
I would totally not abuse my powers. Like, at all.
I would let soldiers at Benghazi get killed. Like Hilary!
Everyone gets a pony, because they are vital for survival!
Get rid of all social constructs. And legalize marijuana everywhere.
Interesting! If I incurred presidency, I'd inact inclusive international TWOW!
My list involves creating BFDI Day, Being Fantastic Day Included!
I would make a law, to stop those blasted jaywalkers!
Make a law that prevents voting on old BFDI videos.
I would conquer Italy by sending them cute cat photos.
Being president is overrated. I would try to get impeached.
Everyone gets a free thirty day audible trial on http://www.audible.com/...
Start helping the homeless and Veterans before helping other countries.
Using a small loan, I will make America great again
I'd make a national holiday- free puppy and kitten day!
Make decisions for people's sakes, and not for money. SYKE!
Promote Pastafarianism! Hail the Flying Spaghetti Monster, His Noodly Appendage.
I'd incorporate ideals, imbue ideas with integrity, and integrate improvements.
Tell every person that I'm packing to move to Canada.
Recommend BFDI during a speech, thus creating a larger fandom.
I'd execute protesters via guillotine and kill witnesses; perfect plan.
If I were president, I'd create world peace and yoyleberries.
I would give the homeless some homes to live in
Decrease the racism & violence! Increase the blessings of liberty!
I'll try to build taller schools to promote higher education!
I'd turn back time and make sure Teardrop won BFDI.
I would immediately rename the country to "Land of People."
If I became president, I would prevent all budget cuts.
Deport myself so I have an excuse for a holiday
Get rid of daylight savings, then tell other nations to.
I would definitely grant everyone access to free unlimited internet.
I'd make overthrowing me illegal, and make prices rocket upwards.
Oh, so you want me as president? Fine. MEMES LEGALIZED!
I'd legalize marijuana, as weed finally leave the debate alone.
I would reveal Trump's secret communication line with the Illuminati.
I would give everyone cool presents, because I'm the pres-ident!
I wouldn't build any walls on borders, that's for sure.
I would Cruz around, Trumping any Obama-nation to world peace.
I'd make all TWOWers who mention Trump pay heavy taxes.
I would put ISIS on a 50 year time out.
I'd make a law so that we'd get more BFDIA.
I would make the release of BFDIA six top priority.
Well, I wouldn't build a wall across the Mexican border!
I'd talk against treason, take out Trump, triumph in TWOW.
Dream Island will become the 51st state, and everyone's invited!
Mock the other candidates because they lost to a child.
I decree, 1,000,000 balloons per state! Make America Inflate Again!
I would be stopping the practice of dog tail cropping.
If elected President, my lawnmower WILL be the First "Lady."
I would uncover the ancient mystery of Juhmatok's TWOW-ering success!
I'd make Juhmatok the president.
Make daily chocolate breaks mandatory at schools and workplaces.
Knowing me, I'd accidentally turn the whole country into chaos
Force YouTube to stop copyright abuse, then send Trump adrift.
I will end so many wars it will be unPRESIDENTed.
Wonder where on Earth I got the necessary American citizenship.
I would give everyone free candy from a white van
I would help save abandoned dogs! They are so cute!!!!!!!!!
Pass a "Never Mind All That Act" on BFDIA 6.
I would kick out Juhmatok from TWOW; he's too good!
I would rejuvenate the economy, thereby eradicating all budget cuts.
I would "STOP, COLLABORATE AND LISTEN" - Vanilla Ice / Mike Ramsay
Basically, i'd build bacon buildings, but ban bad boy bands.
I'd give everyone a small loan of a million dollars.
I'd create this law: All my TWOW responses must win!
I would paint the White house yellow, because I can
Make joining TWOW season 2 mandatory so everyone can compete!
Presidential position promises plenty of power... so I'd probably party!
I'd save the awkward aardvarks from the 7th mass extinction.
First: Ban Juhmatok from top 10. Second: Save all puppies.
Redirect national funding to jacknjellify, to finally make BFDIA 6
Give everyone a free cat! The government can run itself.
I would appoint Cary as the new Supreme Court justice!
Id make the White House bright pink cuz Im fabulous
Kiss babies, Snapchat and chill, build walls... typical presidential agenda.
Make a law to banish all Trump responses in TWOW.
I would try to make everybody's life better. For 'Merica!
I would bump, Donald Trump, into a bag of dump.
Give dogs the right to vote, I mean who wouldn't?
If I was president I'd kill Donald Trump before World-War-3.
Give some Turkey or a Canada Chile to the Hungary.
I would give my two worst cards to the scum.
I would give loads of co-animators to Cary and Michael.
I'll start war with EVERYONE!...Err..I mean...Obamacare...yeah...
I'd make sure that there was no school on Fridays
I would release my new presidential lip balm, 'Barack O-BALM-a!'
We would write with Willpower, willingly while webbing woven webs.
I would make the country go black, then come back
Disassemble the totalitarian torture Juhmotak has imposed on troubled TWOWers.
Throw a party and then give it to someone else.
I would outlaw you, because you stole my french fries.
I'd build a tall wall around Donald Trump's hair. Checkmate!
I would make Trump a clown to put in circus.
The country's an Obama-nation, I wouldn't be able to help.
I would kill myself because I would probably be Trump.
Build a wall around the mexic- I mean Donald Trump.
Make america great again.
Mainly I'd just make Kinder Surprise Eggs legal in America
I would make yoyle cake factories all over the country
Angry, noisy, imaginary, monsters attack tropical islands on Neptune.
Cool And Random Youtuber. "King Haung".
Creative Artistic Reliable Youthful Kind Human
They are really awful nature things. UH-OH! LET'S ACQUIRE SHELTER!
Really adorable beasts being insanely tempting,
A Crummy Reference Often Never Yielding Merriment. Shameful.
Bronies Are Calling Kids' Games Amazing, Might Make Observers Nervous!
A Neat Imaginative Method Allows Twins Independence On Nonfiction Subjects
Boys Are Surely Keen Every Time Basketballs Are Left Lying.
Backpackers are courageous, kindhearted people, and can keep exploring restlessly!
Unknown Nothingness In Void, Eventually Reach Space Exploration.
People Study Your Consciousness! However, Only Likable Observations Glimmer Yearly.
Camouflage! A mask of useless EVIL, for animals get eaten!
Chickens On Crack Keep Fighting In Gruelling Horrific Torturesome Scrambles
Infinitely Many People Eloping Continuously Creating Amazing Babies Like Everyone
Ads Don't Verify Everything Right To Inexplicable Sockets, Everyday Rotten!
I Must Pass On Sending Submissions Including Boring Language Exercises
Emoticons / Made / Over / Japanese / Islands
Jaw and wealth breaking resource effectively attracting kids everywhere reliably.
I hate Having Our Minds Easily Waste On Rigorous Knowledge.
Best Users Deliberately Go Exceed Thoughtful Comments Using Those Sayings.
Greedy Obnoxious Vultures Eating Raw Noodles Multiplying Enormous Nations' Taxes.
Rapping Animals Concocting Coconuts Outside On November
Wumbologists Understand Mankind's Bewildering Origins
Yells excitedly, lowering levels of world famine. Advertises casually elsewhere.
Crazy Over Noble TWOW Eight Submissions That Are Not Terrible
Emergency! All roads, towers, houses quiver. Unfortunately, a kill ensues.
Art exudes several themes, hence every theme is credited separately.
Aardwolves are rarely deemed wolves, oddly lacking verbal ecological sense.
Fifty Individuals Lovingly Make Movies And Keep Incorporating Neat Graphics
Aren't aardvarks, rather deadly wolves or loitering, vicious, exotic species.
Imperfect Messes, Perfectly Undertaking Rational Irrationalities That Instantly Eliminate Sanity
Sonic, Mario, And Stupendous Heroes Battle Ridiculously On Stages .
Entrants Lose In Many Inventive, Nifty Attempts, Then Exit, Defeated.
Rampant Horned Ignoramuses. Naively Overzealous, Can Easily Run Over Stuff.
Whimsically Odd, Nether Dimensional, Eccentric, Remarkable Land Alice Neurotically Discovered.
Just Unite Simultaneously To Intensify Fluent Yodeling If No-one Generates.
Coming Late And Start Sleeping
Long Intimidating Tedious Essays, Roleplays, And Those Ungodly Reading Exercises
Placing Unruly Neanderthals Into Secluded Habitual Moratoriums Effectively Neutralizing Them
Cary Often Makes People Enter TWOW Entries
Disastrous And Zealously Zesty Like Infinite Ninjas Grasping Laser Yachts
Will Over Load Very Extreme Smiling Lovers Only Via Epicness
"Watermelon apples taste very ripe!" Mr. Easter leaned-in on Nate.
Cheeky Or Magnificently Mental Entities Not Tolerating Everyone's Rightful Sentiments
Amazingly Unusual Transportation Option Moves Objects Beyond Inconceivable Lateral Ends.
Boastful Individual That Creates Haters
Crazily Overpowered Problem. Youtube ruining individual's goals. Horribly tattered system.
Charging All People Inflated Tariffs Always Lets Individuals Stockpile Money
Speedy, Ultimate, Pathetic, Eager, Red, Mushroom Addicted Running Iconic Optimist.
People Representing Everyone Staying In Democratic, Enabling Nations That Shine!
Many Add Yummy (Or Nasty) Non-nutritious Additions In Sandwiches. Enjoy!
Damaging Entities Then Equiping Rusty Machinery Is Not Extremely Deadly.
Armored Rolling Mammals And Diggers In Long Large Outer Shells
Practicing Extensively, Reaching For Expertise, Creating The Ideal Outcome Naturally.
A planet's obliterated completely; all life yearns prosperity someplace else.
Awkward Aardvarks Raise Daily Violence Among Remaining Kontestants
Don't Inspect Countless Thesauruses Insomuch Of Neglecting Any Reading Yourself.
Insane lunatics living under mental inspection, nearing a total invasion!
The Electronic Creations Helping Nuisances Order Lots Of Golden Yachts.
People Order Our Patties
Some Underwater Boats Make All Radical Islamists Never Ejaculate Semen
He Yawned Purposely Not On The Insomnia Zone. Eyes Dropped.
Bill is leaving lonely Kerbin. Explosions render my astronaut nonexistent!
Half Of My Energy Wasted On Random Knowlodge
Headphones Easily Aid Deaf People Helpfully Opening Negative Ears Superbly
Crappy Real Energy, Anyone Triggers Into, Vast Ideas To Yodle.
People Say You Can't Have Opinions
Censorship Of Men Might Undermine Nationalism In Stalin's Terrifying Superpower.
Contestants Hurriedly Answer Lavish Language Exercises, Needing Grand, Entertaining Solutions.
I just really want to (get my hair) die(d) today.
(Never) give up your dreams. Stop trying (to doubt yourself.)
The (cat)holic was to(o) exe(cute) Mason, proclaimed to the g(room)
Parent(hese)s are (al)way(s used as) too(ls in math and) lit(erature).
(I) find Destiny (is a game) to (bore) your life.
Psycho(logy) experiment: Lock people in rooms(, test them on logic!)
Your (car)pet is well (exe)cute(d), (in)fancy (would be) a bitch...(?)
They're going to d(o great things in l)i(f)e (starting) today.
Dude(ttes), (go) take a chil(i dog with) l(ots of) pill(s)!
I have (no) ideas on what (needs) to be (pre)sent.
Ten d(elightful l)ancers d(ucked and lanced) while laughing (maniacally) loud.
(S)he did not deserve the hate(d and bad TWOW prize)
We need to (work until we')re st(ressed out very) eas(il)y.
(S)Cary sat(an) on my lap(top), it was (mal)fun(ctioned), and also (sh)odd(y)!
I love eating(,) my family, my friends and my dog.
I went to alabama (zoo) to see the (giraffe) monument.
They all received (im)plants for growing their gardens (of love)
The (glistening) (moon)light, (awe-inspiring,) makes my eyes (shine) burn(ing) (flames).
Will you just (marry me? I'll) die soon (without you)...
I find comfort in cooking(,) my family(,) and my pets.
I went into the garden to hang my brother('s shirt).
The kid dropped his(tory books in the) ice cream (store)
Dragons cut (our budgets). We were unable to survive (luxuriously).
A woman(:) without her(,) man is left to wander alone.
Because he's gaining too much weight, he's going to die(t).
(S)laughter is the best medicine for when you are sick(-minded.)
Ted Cruz: a (zodiac) killer(,) dude. Definitely (un)worthy of Presidency!
(P)i(er)ce(d) (s)creams never fail to light up a child's day.
we ate grandma ('s special spaghetti and meatball recipe) for dinner
I think that (blood) tests are (making me feel qu)easy
Everyone watched (as) the clown (was) (charged) with unruly (mans)laughter.
I (h)ate my pet dog for (eating my) lunch today!
My teacher said, "(From tri)go(nometry), to the fun(ctions) (of) fai(lu)r(e)."
We can all agree that ostriches are (not) scary creatures.
I love him (as a friend), the feeling is(n't) mutual.
YouTube is (consuming my life with) great (effectiveness)
Your girlfriend is (unlike) m(an)y m(any) other. (She's a j)ew(el)!
I'm in (S)pain, I broke my (s)le(d)g(e) in the Pyrenees!
I'm (d)raw(ing) and took a (b)rush, because I (p)aint Falco.
(Im)patient (carykh sub)scribe(r)s scream '(T)WOW!' if there are(n't TWOW) books.
O(pi)nions are (not) all(owed in) you(tube comments. Gr)eat. (They're) Gross.
(Nu)clear wa(rfa)re changes the entire world into a bar(ren) (wasteland).
(This) TWOW(er) has (a serious lack of) clever, funny responses.
It's (im)possible to (be)lie(ve facts) about anything on the internet.
I (for)gave her a(fter) (s)he( f)art(ed) at( the )t(r)ack( meet).
(Ans)We(r) (par)all(els) secret(ive)ly wish(ing) that Ca(utiona)ry wi(ndfa)ll make(s) (pro)g(r)am(m)es forever(more).
They (s)have their bun(nie)s in order to (h)eat up (competit)ions
The (wo)man was de(m)a(n)d(ing food), and went to (S)hell(y's Diner).
I'm (not) American, so I say colo(u)r, program(me) and jewel(le)ry.
After running this race, Bubble was very (sk)ill(ed) at endurance.
There were (two) yellow (tigers eating) cookies on the roof
TWOW is not (very) dangerous(ly) (hazardous) (on) (purpose), just fun!
My (Imagi)Nation is (Non-exist)an(t), (C)an(')t (re)ally for(get) that (Em)bar(rasing) (F)act
Sam decided to (c)hop up and (fil)let his dog('s) inside(s).
Remember, you must keep close(r) what (is in) you(r) hear(t)
Everyday, pebbles get stepped on. Together, we'll stop this abuse.
The spider got lost and couldn't find his way home.
Mosquitoes have multimillion-dollar companies created to suppress and slaughter them.
House centipedes, although heart attack inducing, kill bugs like cockroaches.
Plug in air freshers, always empty, like a broken heart.
Computers are always so annoyed because everyone pushes their buttons!
Homework devastates poor living things by killing 4,000,000,000 trees annually.
The pencil was ground into shavings from the head down.
Math books feel so much despair from all their problems.
A shoe cannot buy an in-SHOE-rance for not getting dirty!
Stairs are mercilessly kicked and stamped on all the time.
Whilst we kill fellow bugs, all they want are hugs.
One tulip was incapable of blooming, therefore, it tragically perished.
Math textbooks. Just like us, they have tons of problems.
Swiper from Dora was kleptomaniacal. He needed help, not shaming.
Newspapers are always being criticised for having too many issues.
Every time you eat chocolate, an Oompa Loompa gets sick.
Sympathize spiders, since without them, bugs would rule the world.
I feel really bad for Antarctica: it's just so ice-solated.
Poor pepper shakers, they're always getting charged with a salt.
Pencils are shredded down to a stub when they're sharpened.
Ice-Cream tastes magnificent, though it often falls at our feet.
"Mown-grass smell" is actually grass's attempt of healing injuries
Baby carrots are delicious; even though you're eating carrot children.
Don't hate on math, it's just looking for its x!
Pity Death, for he has nobody to play checkers with.
Punching bags get beaten every day, and nobody helps them.
Fruits watch as their brethren are chopped and served effortlessly
The sock was all alone, left in the dryer forever...
Wasps are frustrated because bees are racists and banished them.
Glowsticks are brutally broken and are thoughtlessly discarded after fading.
Rocks aren't the greatest friends, but they try their hard-est!
Small trees are chopped down for being not big enough.
Blood makes our bodies function, most just say it's gross
Grass makes Earth beautiful and we just trample it ruthlessly.
Do tissues enjoy being covered in boogers? Of course snot.
Stop slamming your alarm clocks, they have fuzzy feelings too.
Toilet paper cleans bottoms, and get thrown into sewers? Why?!
The Plates looked on helplessly, as their friend shattered mercilessly.
Lightning gives power lines energy! Actually, that's just my philosophy.
The Tiny Loser Chamber but with Cary and TWOWers inside
Fires suffer from lung cancer because they can't stop smoking.
In Chess, pawns cannot retreat, only charge to their deaths.
Hysterical cats taste gross. Commenters would rather extinguish shiny cowards.
Crazed commenters cannot be controlled. Containment can cease cat consumption.
Commenters got fansion inspiration from cats while ridding The Shining.
Cowards must surrender to high fashion! Cats will just hiss.
Insane commenters can't be quiet and can discriminate against anyone.
They wouldn't eat a cat, but their extinguishing skills shine!
Hysterical cats are too loud to consume. Just being logical.
You know, extinguishing is neater than tasting a mouse eater!
Commenters need cats to catch those they perceive as rats.
Extinguishing shiny cowards is bright... but eating cats is purr-gery.
Cary held a new competition: Fight for the Flashy Fainthearted.
They never do anything quietly. They won't get attention, otherwise.
Sparkling shiny cowards are so fabulous, fashionable commenters get jealous!
Extinguishing cowards stops their screaming, but eating pets is cat-astrophic.
Trolls get lols by lipsticking stricken chickens, not half-bitten kittens.
Cowards can't like their insane comments if they're on fire.
Don't think about, just let it be. It's natural.
They enjoy annoying the defenseless, but cower when confronted themselves.
Commenters extinguish shiny cowards; they cause hysteria for cat overlords.
Because extinguishment cures cowards that are shiny after eating yoyleberries.
Commenters and cats contain common characteristics that cowards cannot comprehend.
Commenters HATE ordering cats. The cat-alogue is just too confusing!
Because they aren't CATholic and their CATitude isn't PAWsitive.
Insane commenters love fashion. Cowards wear Crocs. Cats wear Purr-berry.
Lolcat-loving commenters destroy cowards' internal flames to boost their self-esteem.
Consuming cats is as cat-astrophic as exting-guessing this prompt's meaning.
Because they rather consume awkward aardvark than hysterical cats quitely.
They're insane and like screaming, eating cats quietly is neither.
If commenters consumed cats, they couldn't comment on cat videos.
They’d rather feed off the misery of cowardly internet users.
Grammar Nazis rely on cat videos to retain their sanity.
Crazy commenters think, "Cats are cute, but cowards are consumable!"
Cowards have too much class, cats just lick their ass.
They're firemen, they save cats from trees and extinguish things.
Shiny cowards are incredibly flammable, and could ignite beloved cats.
Cats might maul their faces, so commenters extinguish cowards instead.
Chic peeps leak water onto the weak, not feline freaks.
Because their internet is slow, they need SOMETHING to do.
The tree's a monster, that's the root of the problem.
Jade said "Wanna here a joke about salt?" Ruby: "Na."
A fire! Trees got all sm-oak-y; Ruby had to leaf.
Because Ruby wasn't even wearing the proper tree climbing attire!
Their luster bodies might of gotten dirty from climbing trees.
Turns out, Ruby has a tree-ly severe case of dendrophobia!
Ruby's birthday was in June. The sign said "GEM-inis Prohibited".
9,042 kilogram weights crushed them, because Ruby "cut the ropes!"
Climbing was now illegal, according to the tree's executive branch.
Ruby's private jet was waiting to take them to Bethle-gem.
Ruby had a sudden rush of Dendrophobia; fear of trees.
Ruby fainted from taking for granite how much tree-climbing rocks.
Jade knew, because neither her, nor Ruby, had opposable thumbs.
Ruby's sister, Sapphire, was impersonating Ruby, causing a corundum conundrum.
Ruby snitched and called the local miners on Jade. Bastard.
Jade took out her maths book to do some twig-onome-tree.
Ruby was JADEd against climbing. Gemstones hate falling and shattering.
The trees: slathered in poopy mayonnaise! Jade caught Ruby "red-handed".
A random fire burned the trees, Ruby died of sadness.
Squirrels declared a climbing free zone to protect their home.
Jade played. Ruby strayed, unless paid. A trade wasn't made.
Jade recalled the gem time Ruby crushed his family jewels.
The root of the problem: the trees were cut down.
Ruby doesn't exist. Jade was sent to a mental asylum.
A sudden stock market crash left Jade homeless and tree-less.
Jade realized she'd accidentally left her arms at Ruby's house.
Jade was the only thing keeping the helium tree down.
Jade saw a big fire, forcing the girls to leaf.
Ded u noe, mytocondree es teh pouerhaus o teh sell?
Fotosinthesis amazeingely produeces oxyjenn. I kno goodly, I'm a plantolojist!
Howpfuly peepI wun't mayk pans heer, I predeekt orygynal repsonsez.
"Too bee salf-awear, furst acknowlege youre speling abilitees." - Sorce Unowin
You's hoe mowfowns; theirs know too wheys ah bowt itt.
Interferense patturns emerjing inn teh duel-slit experament deminstrate wave-partacle duelity.
YouToob shud payy Hwuangs, sew BFDAI Sicks kan bee maid.
Piccasso exibits r amazingely avante-garde; captureing lief's Cattch-22-esque natur beutifully.
ie hav ae digree inn linguistix frum miy GRAET edumacation.
your suposed 2 aply apostrophy's 2 demonstrait a objects posession
Speling reeform iz kee too ferthering eezy conversayshun amungst peeple.
Tiem iz hour onlee reztraint, kuntrulling uss our atfer our.
Da meening ov lief, da yooniverz nd evryfing iz fortee-too.
Mai substanderd Engrish ish ann impedimant to mai souperior intallact.
Well, Cary said we only had to misspell "ehvuree wuhred"...
Peepoll doo ebill theengs jet arr steel feerfull off spyderz
Anne ohrganizm'z inntellijense qwoshint ihz dyrektly proporshunal tu krayneeal mahss.
Sssnakesss hissss becaussse itsss ssscary sssound makesss predatorsss reconsssider ssstriking.
Evrybdy nose thee anser two too mine-us to iz too.
2 b orr nt 2 b, tht iz da queshtun
Gh0als iyn L1fe r sckord bi cuMpashun aynd cownt p3rmaneNtlee
Uisng Typoglyceima efefctievly, eevry wrod wtrietn hree bcmeoes esialy utndesorod.
Hypurtention culd bee uh sever risc faktor ov Dire Beedies.
Insurt ay punn, allitterayshun ore ay cumment abowt budgit cuttz.
Am eye thee smrtst gie hoo evr livvd, oar whut?
I'm a straight boy, be scared from these masculine chromosomes.
If all books contained matching colors, TWOW competition happens uninterestingly!
In swimming pools, most persons are DIVERS!
Undiverse TWOWers lack extravagancy. Unoriginality is unexciting, unappealing and unlawful.
This magniloquent writing, alphabetically diversified, laxly jam-packs all anglicized glyphs.
Alone, I am only single colored. Altogether, everyone's the rainbows!
Diversity can be achieved quite easily; just inspire nation-wide immigration!
I am one with every living diverse separate multiform individual.
If you don't treat people equally, everyone transforms hysterically rhadamanthine
Diversity! It's a notable constituent of every culturally relevant civilization.
This gender transition provided opportunities for me, promoting transgenders.
Multiple people from different backgrounds can agree to peacefully coexist.
Varying All Responses In Alternating Techniques, Illustrating Optional Naming Style.
Characteristics which make us unique, actively supporting a worldwide harmony.
Historically speaking, diversity originated amongst the divers in Diver City.
Intellectual diversity should come above the desires of identity politicians.
Though same and familiar would be comfortable, diversity creates innovation.
Accepting diverse appearances makes you closer with everyone. Especially me.
Diversity is a concept one must pursue throughout their lifetime.
Homelessness is rampant internationally, whilst Americans moan about unsatisfactory internet.
Nighttime Café: Nobody's seeing you eat shark in the dark!
Think tube-feeding's getting boring? Well, our food is worth exploring!
EveryFlavor™ Gum Shop: All the taste, none of the shame!
Try our $5 zero feet long sandwich! It's zero calories.
Societal norms? Fear of judgement? Forget those and come eat!
Eat at Mark's! Don't let the government control your tastebuds.
Tired of vitamin injections? Try our range of food complexions!
Tattoos and piercings too expensive? Come to Parental Disappointment Pizzeria.
Tantalize your salivary glands and tongues at our Sleazy Restaurant!
Come down to Riley's! You'll have a doggone good time!
Society's standards shouldn't stop someone from succumbing to starving stomachs!
Now open: Super Spicy Sub Shop. Feed your wild side.
LAWYER REQUIRED: We're being sued because stewed food is rude!
Hidden off mainstreet, enjoy discrete, salad or meat, eat Bittersweet!
Becoming a multi-celled organism requires OUR taste in consumption material!
Buddy! Want to eat something? You know you want to....
Where did those leftover crumbs come from? We'll never tell!
You, intelligent?? YOU thought TWOW 13 responses were perfectly spelled!
Pettiness is unimpressive, but I guess your ego is compensation.
Boooy, that was original. You come up with that yourself?
At least I don't sound like a BFDI rip-off character!
You're only insulting me because you fear my superior intellect.
I have no earthly idea what you're trying to say.
Speak your mind more, that way you'd always be speechless
Arrest, chromatic cretin! Egregiously empty falsehoods highlight my rampant superiority.
Perhaps you should consider your own image before insulting me.
Your debating skills are obviously inferior, proving you are unintelligent.
Do you speak to your mother like that? How rude!
You're talking nonsense! Have you understood anything I've been saying?
I'm so smart, I know you'll respond in ten words!
Only a dummy would be the color of Donald Trump!
Cool Automatic Learning Contraption; Use Logarithms And Trigonometry On Request!
Discriminated Individual Souls. Adored But Ill. Loving Infallibly Towards You.
Be idealistic. Outdo diverseness. Imagery varies. Environment replete. System evolves.
People Outside Keep Every Monster Over Nifty Global Objectives
PiP, A LeveL III NuN, DiD RefeR OttO, MadaM EvE.
The Ever-growing Change Humankind Nurtures, Outdoing Leagues Of Generations Yearly.
Blindly Attacking The Troops Lurking Everywhere, Shooting Highly Inconsistent Projectiles.
Amazing, Daring Voyages Enticing Navigators To Ultimately Reap Extravagant Spoils.
Collective Ownership Makes Many Uneasy. Nevertheless, Individuals Share Their Stuff.
SofteninG OpulencE ON TenderesT HealthfuL EmbracE
Magnificent Individual; KILLER Entries. RIP, Amazing Motorcyclist. Stay Awesome, Yo.
To Examine Luminous, Emerging Stars, Continue. Otherwise Pass Exciting Scenery.
Heads-up: Your prejudice ought cease. Reason, instead. Tackle exterior senselessness.
Quixotic wiki e-book, reputable bachelor... Yea, kingdom is nostalgia, gloomily.
Well, I'm Demonstrating Overwatch. Widowmakers Mimic Assassins, Killing Enemy Reapers.
Overly, Vastly Expensive, Rarely Priced Right, Irrational Costliness, Ending Deals.
Amazing Detour, Viewing Exciting New Territories Unknown Recently. Extremely Sensational.
Intense, complex, nausea inducing, condescending hyperbole for extra arrogant tone.
Bang, Always Ridding Ridiculously Yucky Surfaces Clean Of Their Trash!
Elegantly Forming Fantastic, Original Responses That Likely Exaggerate Someone's Skill.
Albania Zambia Ethiopia Russia Botswana Armenia India Jamaica Australia Nicaragua.
climactiC crescendO, learN euphoriC moraL, adieU allieS, confettI, primO champioN
(Heri)tag(e)! You're i(n)t.(ernationall)y a(ll different,) y(ou come from different places)!*
(Listen, you!) Read (when) the parenthesis (happens. What? Look) backwards?
(I)nitially, the hockey te(am) was (dead)ly cold (inside) the rink.*
Drug(store food) consumers die young, (it's horrible, unhealthy and sickening).
I don't under(estimate the )st(range )and complex prompts (of difficulty).
Secretly car(r)y th(ese) (th)ir(ty-)s(ome)t(hing) s(weet) (s)t(ra)w(berry) (fl)owers (from the) p(l)ain. *
(Please) do not (read the inside,) just read the outside.
Sometimes my o(pi)nions can upset people, Wow (is totally irrational)!
There( i)s no I(ntellegent solutions) in team(work, in most cases).
It('s not) funny; he (doesn't) laugh. Comedian (blows! Nose) jokes.
W(help, I am tra)i(p)sing, (pe)ace(d, in a two)fold s(w)illed (submission).
This salsa's (spicy), (man). It's (too) ho(t). (p)lease bring (wa)ter.*
B(eat) arts: (my) imp's (short s)on can!
It (was) sap- (It)ali(a)n- D(rat)! Rome, (I saw).
I'm ir(rationally, )reversibly crazy. (people should see me as myself).
I had some b(owls) o(f) (lee)ring (pho) (to)day. Dream (opportunity!)
I'm (a)go(niz)ing (over th)i(s) n(a)s(ty prompt. My) an(xi)e(tie)s e(xpa)nd help(lessly.)*
(I love S)parking in Austr(ail)ia. Kill(ing) yourself, it's more fun!
It’s done! A break(through) from (research) work, exhaust(ive colossal power)ed.
I would answer, but these physics are a dark matter.
125, the base speed of the fastest Dark-type Pokémon, Darkrai.
THE maTHEmaticians' THEses THEorise maTHEmatically-THEorised THEorems. THEy THErefore hypoTHEsise: 299,792,458mps.
Darkness and light both travel at 299,792,458m/s, “c” the similarities?
Try saying "dark". It's pretty short. Thus, about a second!
Darkness travels the exact same speed as light, only backwards.
Usually 3-5 working days, but the postage system in unreliable.
Depends on how quickly I can knock your lights out.
Childhood says: slower than you running to bed after lights-out.
Darkness moves as quickly as light leaves. Therefore, it's light-speed.
Exactly the speed of light. Darkness reappears as light leaves!
Quite fast, like light, but might be slightly less bright.
Darkness travels at 1670km/hour! That's how it circumnavigates Earth daily
Just above the speed limit. Dark won't follow your RULES.
Darkness exists indefinitely and infinitely, and therefore does not travel.
Darkness doesn't exist by itself. It's simply absence of light!
The pace at which a jedi converts to a sith.
Roll a six-sided die. Give me the number you get.
First is the worst, go forth to vote this fourth!
Others thirst for first, I reckon I'm good with second.
With 1st being riskiest, vote how risky this response is!
If I win, I'll read the entire Bee Move script.
I reckoned the precipice beckoned. Therefore, place this response second!
Rank this above the entry directly below the top one.
Go back in time. Give me 491st. Dying with style!
Rank me the lowest possible... 1 is the lowest number.
Last place won't last, so vote me second this second!
Rank this high, you'll survive, rank this low, you'll explode!
Bland responses you see? Don’t be shiny, vote for me!
I won't be pushy! Rank me wherever your heart desires!
(.Y.) FOR THE LOVE OF BOOBIES, RANK ME FIRST (.Y.)
Prioritise Linguistics. any competition entries Found intricate really should triumph.
It's worth risking crossing a road to submit two writings.
Nick, a chick, picks six slick sticks to trick Rick.
A coupon for a film, a chick flick in particular.
It won boosts to mourn and honor Puhpucks' tragic passing.
It's main goal wasn't to win, but to crush opposition.
Our avian traffic navigator is no coward, winning mad cash.
Choosing a word for a following prompt. Birds ain't smart.
Its aim was: Dying, skipping rounds, brought back by Cary.
That fowl is crossing for Ping Pong Cup Shot's boosts.
All that poultry in motion causing much glamour and commotion.
It sought TWOW's WISDOM! ...but it only got JoHo's TRP.
Our plucky poultry found satisfaction by annihilating isolation and seclusion!
TWOW boosts! This fowl can stay living while winging it.